One Piece – Romance Dawn Arc
Welcome to the dawn of history. The story begins with the execution of Gold Roger, a notorious yet world-famous pirate. Just as he's about to have his head cut off, he states his final words: his treasure, the fabled "One Piece", is up for the taking, but anyone looking for it will have to go "there" to find it. This instigates a new age of piracy as many a pirate crew sets out to the Grand Line in search of Gold Roger's treasure. Twelve years after his death, we meet a spunky seven-year-old boy named Monkey D. Luffy. He's hanging at a bar with his idol, a pirate named Red-Haired Shanks, whose crew is using Luffy's hometown, Windmill Village, as their base of operations, though they are friendly with the townspeople. Luffy wishes to go along with Shanks on one of his voyages, but Shanks refuses, saying Luffy's too young, though he's not above teasing Luffy about it. On one particular day, some mountain bandits, led by a brute named Higuma, come into the bar while Shanks's men are lounging there. They try to order some drinks but are told that the pirates drank it all. Shanks offers the last bottle of rum as an apology, but Higuma spurns his friendly offer and insults him before he and his band depart. Shanks just brushes off the slight, but Luffy isn't amused to see his idol being pushed around. As Luffy makes to leave, Shanks grabs his arm and, to the shock of the whole bar, it stretches. It's here we're introduced to the mystical Devil Fruits; Luffy ate the one Shanks and his men found, which was sitting on the bar in front of him, because he mistook it for a regular fruit. Shanks states the reason for alarm: it's a fruit that bestows power to the eater (in this case, a stretchy rubber body, since it was the Gum-Gum Fruit) but takes away the ability to swim in return. Oops. Nevertheless, Luffy finds the uses of the fruit worth the trade-off (possibly since he already couldn't swim very well anyway). The next day, while Shanks and his crew are away, Luffy is talking with Makino in the bar when Higuma comes back and starts insulting Shanks in front of Luffy. Luffy yells at him to take it back, and Higuma attacks him. Makino gets the mayor, Woop Slap, to try to call Higuma off, but the bandits refuse and prepare to kill Luffy. Shanks and his crew show up in the nick of time to stop them. The bandits try to attack the pirates but are taken down by Shanks' crewmates Benn Beckman and Lucky Roux. Realizing he's outmatched, Higuma flees to the ocean with Luffy and throws him in the water to drown (which, thanks to the Devil Fruit, is a certainty). However, the resident Sea King of the area, a giant eel known as the Lord of the Coast, sneaks up on Higuma and devours him in one bite before going after Luffy. Shanks pulls him away just in time and stares menacingly at the Sea King, scaring it off. Shanks then calms the crying Luffy, but it turns out there's a good reason for Luffy to cry; Shanks's left arm was bitten off in the rescue. Soon after, the Red-Hair Pirates are set to cast off for good. The townspeople go to see them off, with Luffy talking to Shanks one last time. After one more tease from his idol, Luffy states he'll do better than Shanks's crew, and become the Pirate King. After hearing such a declaration, Shanks gives Luffy his prized straw hat and states that when they meet again and Luffy has become a great pirate, he can give it back to him. With that, the Red-Hair Pirates sail off. Ten years pass and Luffy, now seventeen, prepares to set off on his own. He wishes his friends on the island goodbye and sails off, confronting the Lord of the Coast again. This time, Luffy knocks it out with one stretched punch and proclaims once more that he'll be King of the Pirates. Koby and Captain Morgan Sometime after his departure, Luffy gets himself caught in a whirlpool, and it seems his adventure will meet a premature end. He manages to jump into the barrel on his rowboat at the last minute, saving himself. He's picked up by a passing pirate ship and bursts out when some of the pirates, thinking it's rum inside the barrel, try to open it. After a fight, he meets the cabin boy, Koby, and the two get acquainted. Koby reveals his backstory: he was just a simple fisherman who, one day, got on a pirate's rowboat by mistake. To keep from being killed, he offered to be their cabin boy. He wishes to become a Marine but is too cowardly to escape Alvida, the captain of said pirates. However, as Koby gets to know Luffy, he starts to become inspired. The two are then confronted by Alvida, a very fat and ugly female pirate, who tries to kowtow Koby into praising her. He gains the courage to insult her instead, prompting her to attack. Luffy defends him and easily knocks out Alvida before forcing her crew to give him a boat so Koby and he can leave. The two sail to an island called Shell Town, which has a Marine base at which Koby hopes to enlist. As they head there, they notice the townspeople get jumpy when mention is made of either a prisoner named Roronoa Zoro (who also happens to be an infamous pirate bounty hunter) or the Marine Captain in charge of the base, "Axe-Hand" Morgan. They reach the base and peer over the wall, where they see Zoro tied to a post. A girl named Rika goes over the wall to feed Zoro some rice balls, but he refuses them. Helmeppo, Morgan's son, appears and takes the balls for himself. He spits them out, insults Rika's poor cooking (since she made them with sugar instead of salt), and has a Marine throw her out of the compound (though Luffy catches her before she hits the ground). Helmeppo then gloats to Zoro about how the latter still has several days left before his release and swaggers off. Luffy speaks with Zoro and tries to convince him to join his crew, but Zoro refuses; however, he asks Luffy to feed him the now-dirtied rice balls and to tell Rika they were delicious. Luffy rejoins Rika and Koby in town and does just that. Rika explains why Zoro was locked up in the first place: Helmeppo's pet wolf was scaring everyone in town and tried to attack Rika, but Zoro killed the wolf to defend her. He allowed himself to be locked up for it under the condition that if he survived without food for a month, he'd be released. Just then, however, Helmeppo happens to stroll by, and brags about how his father will put Zoro to death in three days. Luffy confronts him, then punches him out, upon discovering the lie, and Helmeppo promises that the Marines will target Luffy once he tells his father what happened. Luffy isn't fazed and heads back to the Marine compound to talk with Zoro again. He manages to bargain with the swordsman that, if he gets Zoro's swords back from the base for him, then Zoro will have to join his crew to get them back (to Zoro's chagrin). Luffy slingshots himself high over the base, but overshoots; he grabs and accidentally breaks a statue to slow himself down, which happens to be a newly finished statue of Morgan that the Marines were setting up under Morgan's supervision. He orders his men to kill Luffy, but Luffy just grabs Helmeppo and heads into the base to locate the swords. Down below, Koby sneaks in and tries to untie Zoro while telling him of Helmeppo's lie, but is shot in the shoulder by one of the Marines. Koby and Zoro are soon cornered by Morgan and a firing squad. Luffy manages to locate the swords but sees through the window that Zoro and Koby are about to be killed. As the firing squad takes aim, Zoro flashes back to his younger days as a kid learning swordsmanship in a dojo, where he was constantly defeated by a girl named Kuina, the daughter of the dojo master. After a private match ends no differently for him, Kuina confides in Zoro that she's certain she'll lose her ability to best him over time because she's female. Zoro, however, insists he doesn't want to win or lose against her over a trivial detail like gender. He makes her promise that they'll both become great swordsmen together, and she agrees. However, the next day, Kuina dies after she hits her head from slipping and falling down some stairs. Zoro, grieving that his greatest rival won't be able to fulfill her dream, asks her father for her sword so he can achieve their shared dream in her stead. Back in the present, Morgan orders the Marines to fire, but Luffy jumps in the way and shields his friends by bouncing the bullets back with his rubber body, as they have no effect on him. He frees Zoro and returns his swords to him as the Marines bear down on them with their own swords, which are single-handedly blocked by Zoro himself. Zoro then vows his services to Luffy on the condition that he can still continue to pursue his dream of becoming the world's greatest swordsman. Luffy gladly agrees, and the two proceed to fight the Marines together. Morgan eventually joins the fray and takes on Luffy, but is easily outmatched and trounced. Helmeppo sneaks up on Koby and threatens him with death unless Luffy stops fighting, but Koby is willing to die to help Luffy out. Luffy saves Koby with a stretched punch while Zoro prevents Morgan from killing Luffy. The remaining Marines, surprisingly, immediately stop fighting and celebrate Morgan's defeat, since Morgan governed them by fear. The three boys celebrate at a bar owned by Rika's mother. However, a Marine official states that they can't stay in town because they're pirates (though the Marines promise not to arrest them as a favor for their heroics). Luffy and Zoro start to leave, while Koby gets tongue-tied when he's asked if he's part of Luffy's crew as well. Luffy helps him by picking a fight with him until the official breaks them up and tells Luffy to leave, convinced that he and Koby are not crewmates. Koby realizes he needs to stand up for himself and gets the courage to ask for enlistment. He's granted his wish. Luffy and Zoro head off to continue their adventure, with the Marines of the island saluting them as they do. Luffy wishes Koby well and states they'll meet again someday.

One Piece – Buggy the Clown Arc
The arc begins with Luffy and Zoro in a rowboat, directionless and hungry. As they try to figure out what to do, Luffy spots a bird in the air. He uses his powers to try to nab it for them to eat, but the bird catches his head in its mouth and flies away. Zoro rows after him and comes across some pirates in the water. They jump on his boat as he passes and try to hijack it, but some swift beatings convince them otherwise. They state that they're part of Buggy the Clown's crew and got stranded in the water after a girl tricked them and stole their boat, and a monsoon sunk the boat she was previously on, which they unwittingly boarded when they first came across her. Their crew is stationed at the nearby Orange Town, and Zoro heads there in the hopes of finding Luffy. In the town, the bird flies overhead until it passes by Buggy's pirate ship, and Buggy, for no real reason, orders it to be shot down. His crew complies, which frees Luffy from the bird's mouth; he lands right in the middle of a chase between the girl described before and some pirates from Buggy's crew. The girl calls Luffy "boss" and runs off while the pirates attack Luffy, who easily beats them up. The girl, seeing this, introduces herself as Nami. She suggests a team-up, but when Luffy lets slip that he's a pirate, she changes her mind, instead tricking Luffy into letting her tie him up. She presents him to Buggy, from whom she stole a map (which is why she was being chased earlier). Buggy at first is angry over the theft, but when Nami states she wishes to join his crew after a "falling out with her boss," he throws a party instead. Luffy is locked up in a cage during the celebration and things seem to be going according to Nami's plan...that is, until she is told to fire a cannon on Luffy after he insults Buggy. Nami can't bring herself to do it and has to defend both Luffy and herself from Buggy's crew. Zoro finds Buggy's ship and saves them both. But when he tries to slice up Buggy, it proves ineffective, as Buggy ate the Chop-Chop Devil Fruit and can survive being cut. Zoro is wounded, but manages to redirect the cannon to fire at Buggy and his crew while Nami and Zoro escape, with the latter carrying Luffy's cage. They reach the middle of the town, and Nami offers the key for the cage's lock, but it's eaten by a nearby dog. As Luffy tries to get the dog to cough it up, the mayor of the town, Boodle, appears and introduces himself, offering Zoro his house to rest in while he recovers from his wound. Luffy and Nami talk with him, and he explains that the dog's name is Shu-Shu; his owner was the man who built the local pet store. One day, his owner went away to the doctor to check on his health but never returned. Nevertheless, Shu-Shu has continued to guard the shop, even after the town evacuated when Buggy came around. Buggy's first mate, Mohji the Beast Tamer, along his pet lion Richie, come into the area looking for Luffy, Zoro, and Nami. Nami and Boodle hide as Mohji confronts Luffy, demanding to know where Zoro is; Mohji wants to kill Zoro for the fame it would give him, but Luffy refuses to divulge his friend's location. Richie manages to break open the cage trying to get at him, and sends Luffy flying into some buildings. Believing him dead, they turn their attention to the pet shop, from which Richie wants some food. Shu-Shu tries to defend it, but is no match. When Luffy comes back into the area after recovering, the pet shop has been burned to the ground as Shu-Shu stands barking and crying in front of it. Luffy confronts Mohji and Richie once again and easily defeats them with his powers. He returns a box of dog food, the last remnants of the store, to Shu-Shu. This surprises Nami, as it's the first she's seen a pirate fight for anyone outside of themselves. This bravery inspires Boodle to confront Buggy, but it almost gets him killed. Luffy saves him and knocks him out to keep him from interfering before he, Zoro, and Nami confront Buggy themselves. Buggy's second mate, Cabaji, fights against Zoro, and though he gets some attacks in by aiming at the wound Buggy inflicted on Zoro earlier, he is ultimately defeated, though Zoro lies down afterwards to continue napping due to his blood loss. Luffy fights against Buggy, and Nami sneaks away to grab Buggy's treasure while he's distracted. As they battle, Buggy mentions that he knows Shanks, as they were both on the same ship together when they were younger. Buggy actually hates him, as he claims that Shanks cost him some treasure in the water by accidentally causing him to swallow the Chop-Chop Fruit, which Buggy had stupidly put in his mouth to hide it from Shanks (as he was trying to steal it to sell it off). In the midst of the fight, Buggy manages to stab Luffy's straw hat, to the latter's anger. Buggy then spots Nami trying to make off with his loot, and goes after her. But splitting his body parts all over the place proves to be his undoing; Luffy kicks him in his now-defenseless groin, and when Buggy tries to reform his body, most of the pieces are tied up by Nami, allowing Luffy to send him flying away in his weakened state. With the battle over, Nami agrees to partner up with Luffy for the time being. As they go to collect Zoro, the townspeople confront them and ask who they are. Luffy stupidly states they're pirates and admits that he's the one who knocked out the mayor (without explaining why), forcing them to run when the angered townsfolk chase after them. Shu-Shu aids them by keeping the townspeople at bay as Luffy's group reaches the port and takes some rowboats for their own. Boodle awakens and runs to the port as they head off, thanking the three for their help. Luffy reveals that he left Buggy's treasure behind so the citizens can rebuild their town, to Nami's anger. With the day won and a new member onboard, the three set sail for their next adventure.

One Piece – Kuro Arc
The arc begins with Luffy, Zoro, and Nami on the seas, once again out of food. They spot an island and make landfall in hopes of finding something to eat, but when they make their way in further, they find that the island has some odd animal inhabitants. A mysterious voice tries to drive them out, calling himself "the trial of the island". He shoots at the group from the bushes until Luffy eventually catches him, revealing a man stuck in a treasure chest. He introduces himself as Gaimon, and reveals that he was trying to scare the trio off, as there are treasure chests on a hill that he's protecting. He explains that, many years ago, he was with a pirate crew that came to the island. He found the chests on a hill and tried to report back to his crew; however, he tripped and fell, landing in an open treasure chest, getting himself stuck. Furthermore, his crew sailed off without him, marooning him on the island. He's been protecting the chests ever since. Luffy agrees to help him by sling-shooting himself to the chest, but he refuses to throw it down once he's at the top. Gaimon realizes why: the chests were empty, meaning the years he has been protecting them were for nothing. Luffy, however, offers to take him off the island so he can join his crew. While flattered by the offer, Gaimon respectfully declines, as he's made friends with the animals of the island and doesn't wish to leave them. However, he gives the group some food for their help. The crew sails off, wishing Gaimon well. Over on the next island, a boy about Luffy's age runs through town, claiming pirates are attacking. The villagers don't believe him, and attack him when he runs through. The boy then meets up with three younger boys, who call him Usopp; they inform Usopp that they've spotted some boats with pirate sails headed toward the island. These boats, of course, turn out to be Luffy, Zoro, and Nami sailing in. As they try to find a place to land, Usopp confronts them, claiming he's the captain of a whole armada of pirates, with the three boys assisting by waving pirate flags from the background. However, Luffy easily sees through his lie and challenges him. Usopp gets scared on the first sign of conflict, but Luffy likes his determination. The crew makes land on the island, where they become friends with Usopp and his "crew", "The Usopp Pirates" (Pepper, Carrot and Onion). During a talk in a bar, Luffy realizes that Usopp is the son of Yasopp, one of the crew members of the Red-Hair Pirates, and Luffy knows a little about Usopp from what Yasopp's mentioned of him. Before the conversation can go on any further, Usopp suddenly runs off, but doesn't reveal why. His friends, however, lead the crew to a lovely mansion, where Usopp is talking to a sickly girl through a window. They explain that she is Kaya, another good friend of Usopp's, and he comes to her house every day and tells her stories and tall tales to both cheer her up and keep her strength up. Soon, though, the mood is soured when one of Kaya's butlers, Klahadore, discovers them and badmouths both Usopp and his father, much to Usopp's anger. After Usopp comes to blows with him, Klahadore throws everyone off the property. Usopp heads off to a nearby cliff for some time alone, and Luffy joins him. They talk some more about Yasopp and Usopp's dreams of becoming a strong warrior. However, they soon notice that, on the beach below, Klahadore is speaking with a shady-looking man. They talk about their plans for a pirate crew to invade the village and kill Kaya so that Klahadore will inherit her fortune, and the shady man also reveals Klahadore's true name, Kuro. Naturally, Usopp is shocked to hear this, and Luffy makes their presence known. However, Kuro's partner, Jango, hypnotizes Luffy into falling asleep, and Kuro smugly points out that, with Usopp's reputation as a liar, no one in the village will believe him if he tries to tell them about Kuro's attack. Sure enough, Usopp's attempts to warn the villagers and Kaya are to no avail. Though the situation looks bleak, Luffy, Zoro, and Nami agree to help him out. Based on what they've overheard of Kuro's plan, they attempt to intercept Kuro's crew, the Black Cat Pirates, at a hillside pathway by slicking the path with oil. Unfortunately, they soon realize they're on the wrong end of the island. Everyone tries to rush to the correct hillside entrance, but Luffy ends up getting lost and Zoro gets stuck on the oil slick when Nami uses him to get over it. As a result, only Usopp and Nami make it to correct location as the pirates are about to head up the path. The two manage to keep them at bay for awhile, but are eventually subdued. Luckily, Luffy and Zoro find them in time. A fight ensues, in which Luffy is temporarily put to sleep once again and Zoro faces off against the Black Cat Pirates elite, the Meowban brothers. Kuro eventually arrives when he notices that the pirates' attack on the town is late, threatening his crew to hurry up or he'll kill them himself. During this time, Kaya also reaches the area, having learned of Kuro's true nature from Merry, her second and more faithful butler, whom Kuro attacked. She tries to convince Kuro to stop, but he demoralizes her by rubbing in the fact that his kindly butler persona was nothing but a sham he endured for the sake of his plan. Before he can attack her, the Usopp Pirates, having also learned what was going on by following Kaya, try to attack him. Usopp keeps Kuro from killing them while ordering his crew to take Kaya and run, and Jango chases after them. Meanwhile, Nami awakens Luffy to finally re-join the fight. He keeps Kuro at bay while Zoro carries Usopp to help Kaya and his crew. Luffy and Kuro trade blows and insights on what it means to be a true pirate. It's here we learn Kuro's backstory: he was a fearsome pirate captain, but grew tired of the constant attacks by Marines. He decided to retire by getting a similar-looking crew member captured in his place and killed, having Jango hypnotize both the crew member and the Marine who captured him (revealed to be Captain Morgan from the Romance Dawn arc) to believe the impostor to be the real Kuro. Thus, the world has since believed that Kuro is dead, allowing him to set his current plan into motion so he can retire wealthy. Kuro decides to get serious by unleashing an attack that causes him to move so fast that he can't be seen. However, he also attacks his crew in the process, since he's moving so fast that he can't tell whom he's hitting, but doesn't particularly care and claims that they're expendable, which upsets Luffy. Meanwhile, in the forest, Jango manages to catch up to Kaya and the Usopp Pirates. Despite valiant efforts from the latter, Jango defeats them, and Kaya agrees to write the will Kuro wants in exchange for sparing the Usopp Pirates, who beg her not to do it since Jango will kill her once she's written it. Luckily, Zoro and Usopp manage to find them in time, with Usopp delivering the final blow that stops Jango. Luffy likewise overcomes Kuro's attacks and beats him with a headbutt. He then throws Kuro to his crew and demands they leave. The crew complies and the attack on Syrup Village is averted. In the aftermath, Usopp decides that the whole incident should be kept a secret, as it's better if the villagers didn't know what happened. Kaya and Merry give Luffy, Zoro, and Nami a ship, the Going Merry , as a reward for their heroics, and Usopp decides it's time for him to head out to sea himself. He "disbands" the Usopp Pirates in a tearful goodbye and packs his belongings before meeting everyone on shore. He bids farewell to his new friends and expresses a desire to meet them again on the seas someday, but Luffy invites him to come along on his journey as part of his crew. Usopp accepts, and the group sails off, with Kaya and Merry seeing them off. As they leave, Merry discusses Usopp's backstory: when his mother fell ill, Usopp started lying that his father had come back in the hopes of keeping her strength up. Even after she passed away, he continued to claim that pirates were coming, at first out of grief and later out of habit. In honor of his bravery, Kaya decides to get better and become a doctor. Meanwhile, the former Usopp Pirates have taken up the mantle of running through town and yelling of pirate attacks to keep Usopp's legacy alive.

One Piece – Baratie Arc
With the newly christened pirate ship, the Going Merry , in the their possession, the Straw Hats set about creating a Jolly Roger for their flag and sail thanks to Usopp's art skills. The crew then look around their new ship, with Luffy and Usopp finding a cannon. Deciding to test its capabilities, Usopp fires at a nearby rock and manages to hit it. The crew then meet in the main cabin to discuss what else they'll need for the journey ahead when the ship is suddenly attacked. Luffy confronts the assailant and manages to beat him after a scuffle. Zoro then identifies the man as Johnny, a fellow bounty hunting friend of his. As it turns out, he and his partner, Yosaku, who is suffering from scurvy, were resting on the rock that Luffy and Usopp shot. After Nami cures Yosaku by feeding him some fruit, the crew discusses the need for a cook. The bounty hunting duo agrees to guide them to a famous ship-restaurant nearby, the Baratie, as payment for helping them out. The group soon reaches the Baratie, but as they get there, a Marine ship led by a lieutenant named Iron Fist Fullbody also arrives. After trading some words, Fullbody orders the Going Merry sunk. The Marines fire on the Straw Hats, but Luffy manages to bounce the cannonball back, only to accidentally redirect it into the Baratie, damaging part of the building. Luffy is later taken to the captain and head chef, Zeff, who demands compensation for the damage. Meanwhile, in the dining area, Fullbody runs afoul of another person, Sanji the sous-chef of ship. After some arguing, Fullbody makes the mistake of wasting food in front of him, leading to Sanji beating him up in retaliation. The fight is stopped when Luffy and Zeff, who were also fighting, fall through the ceiling into the area. Zeff likewise beats up Sanji and throws out Fullbody. However, as Fullbody is leaving, one of his Marines comes in to tell him that their prisoner has escaped, only to then be shot by said prisoner himself, Gin. Gin walks in and demands some food, but is beaten up and thrown out by Patty, one of the chefs. As the commotion dies down, Sanji secretly serves Gin some food, saving him from death. The two men seem to strike up a friendship before Gin leaves on his own. Luffy sees this and asks Sanji to join his crew, but is rejected. However, unbeknownst to everyone, Gin is a member of the Krieg Pirates, an armada of pirates led by the fierce and ruthless Don Krieg, and has returned to Krieg to report to him about the Baratie. A week passes, with Luffy working as a chore boy in the Baratie to pay off the damages he caused, forcing his crew to stay within the area. On one particular day, however, a huge ship sails up to the restaurant, damaged and barely able to stay afloat. Krieg enters the restaurant begging for food. The staff is hesitant to give him any even after he claims he won't hurt anyone. Sanji complies, but as soon as he's fed, Krieg attacks the cooks, claiming the Baratie now belongs to him. He demands food be prepared for his likewise starving crew. The chefs, of course, are against the idea, but Zeff, surprisingly, gives Krieg a bag of food, telling his chefs to prepare for battle. The chefs raise the battle fins around the restaurant and get ready for the onslaught of Krieg's crew. Luffy, Zoro, and Usopp go to get the Going Merry out of the way, only to find that Nami betrayed them and stole the ship after throwing Johnny and Yosaku overboard. Furious and confused at her actions, Usopp, Zoro, Johnny, and Yosaku prepare to chase after her (while Luffy plans to stay for a while longer to help the restaurant and repay his debt) when Krieg's galleon is suddenly sliced in half. Through the wreckage sails a man in black on a coffin-shaped boat. Zoro instantly recognizes him as Dracule Mihawk, the strongest swordsman in the world and one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. It was he who slashed up Kreig's Armada, and he followed them to the Baratie from the Grand Line simply because he was bored. Just as he prepares to finish off Kreig's men, Zoro challenges him to a duel. Mihawk isn't impressed at first and fights him with a small dagger, managing to outclass Zoro's strikes. However, when Mihawk sees that Zoro is determined to continue fighting despite being injured, he decides to use his giant blade to finish their fight. Despite Zoro's efforts, he is defeated, but left alive, as Mihawk wishes to fight him again someday. As he's being bandaged up by Usopp and the bounty hunting duo, Zoro makes a promise to Luffy that he won't lose again. With that, they sail off to go after Nami. With no other credible challenge, Mihawk leaves the area as well. Kreig's crew attacks the Baratie, and the cooks fight back, but the latter are on the losing end of the fight due to the sheer number of pirates. Sanji finally decides to step in and manages to beat a majority of them off...until Krieg's second mate, Pearl, joins the fight. Sanji manages to stay on even ground with him, but when Gin reveals he has Zeff hostage at gunpoint, Sanji is forced to stop and take a beating from Pearl. As he does, he recalls his past when he was a child apprentice cook on a ship called the Orbit . Zeff, then a notorious pirate, attacked the ship for treasure, but Sanji stood up to Zeff despite being outclassed. A tidal wave struck both the Orbit and Zeff's ship, and knocked Sanji overboard. Zeff jumped in and saved him, but both were stranded on a rock structure. Zeff gave Sanji a small bag of food he managed to grab, while apparently keeping a big one for himself (under the pretense that as an adult, his stomach is bigger), and ordered Sanji to watch for ships on the other side of the formation. Weeks passed and eventually Sanji ran out of food. Starving, he went back to Zeff, who seemingly hadn't eaten his share yet. Sanji confronted Zeff over it with a knife and slashed open the bag, which was revealed to only have treasure inside. What's more, Zeff had cut off and eaten one of his lower legs to keep himself alive. Guilt-ridden that he nearly killed him after he had saved his life, Sanji vowed to help Zeff achieve his dream of making a floating restaurant. Luckily for them, a ship happened to pass by and they were saved. Back in the present, Gin, seeing no honor in what he's doing, defeats Pearl and claims Sanji as his own opponent. The two fight, with Gin managing to gain the upper hand due to Sanji's numerous injuries from Pearl. However, he finds he can't kill Sanji due to the latter's earlier kindness to him. Krieg becomes angered at this and uses poison gas on the area. Luffy steals gas masks for Sanji and Gin, but when he is unable to grab one himself, Gin gives his mask to Luffy and is poisoned as a result. Angered, Luffy fights against Krieg himself. Despite Krieg pulling many a weapon out of his arsenal and having tough armor to boot, Luffy manages to power though his attacks, ultimately winning by slamming Krieg into the battle fin of the Baratie, though Krieg's last attack traps Luffy in a steel net and leaves him sinking into the water. Sanji jumps in and rescues him, at the same time thinking of his dream to find the All Blue, a section of ocean where all fish from all over the world are said to be found. Krieg subconsciously gets to his feet, thinking he's still fighting, until a recovered Gin knocks him out, accepting their loss. Krieg's crew are forced to take a small boat and sail off, with Gin promising he'll meet Luffy and Sanji in the Grand Line. Luffy awakens and is told of his victory, which clears him of the debt to Zeff. He talks with Sanji, who explains his dream of finding the All Blue, but feels he can't leave the Baratie until he's repaid Zeff. Zeff overhears this, and tries to have his cooks tell Sanji that the latter's cooking is terrible so he'll leave. Sanji doesn't buy it, but nonetheless appreciates the gesture and agrees to join Luffy's crew. Just as he does, Yosaku comes back, riding in the mouth of a panda shark, to tell Luffy that Nami is headed to a dangerous island. Sanji packs his belongings and takes one final walk around the Baratie before heading out, giving a tearful goodbye to his mentor and fellow chefs. With that, Luffy, Sanji, and Yosaku take a boat and head off to go catch up with the others.

One Piece – Arlong Arc
After leaving the Baratie, Sanji, Yosaku, and Luffy take the time to relax. The three strike up a conversation about the Seven Warlords of the Seas ("Shichibukai" in the Japanese version), who are government-sponsored pirates that had their bounties canceled in exchange for servitude to the Marines. Yosaku also mentions the island he was talking about from earlier and how it's connected to an infamous Fishman pirate named Arlong. Yosaku deduces there's a connection between Arlong and Nami; on the Merry earlier, some of Johnny's and Yosaku's Wanted posters fell from their pile, and upon seeing Arlong's, Nami's attitude suddenly changed, and soon after, she tricked the duo and pushed them overboard. Meanwhile, Nami manages to make it to Conomi Island and its main base, called Arlong Park. She encounters a young boy whose father was killed by the Fishmen, and he wishes to take revenge. Nami just slaps him aside and throws some Berries at him to make him go away before meeting up with Arlong and his crew inside, revealing her allegiance to them. At the same time, Zoro, Usopp, and Johnny reach the island, but the latter two take note of the Fishmen that reside on it. Zoro hopes to fight them, but is knocked out and tied up by the two to avoid any trouble. However, a Fishman sees their boat and swims to them. Usopp and Johnny abandon ship, leaving Zoro to be captured. Their luck on land doesn't last either, as they wind up in a village where all the houses have been upturned. Another Fishman spots them and the two run for it. Johnny manages to hide himself, while Usopp is attacked by the boy from earlier, who mistakes him for a Fishman. He in turn is stopped by a purple-haired young woman, who clears up the misunderstanding. With the real Fishman getting close, Usopp prepares to fight him, but is knocked out by the woman to avoid any trouble. Back out at sea, Luffy's group runs into a sea cow Sea King, who was attracted by the lunch they're having. Both Luffy and Sanji subdue it and use it to carry them to the island much more quickly. Usopp, meanwhile, wakes up in the woman's home in a village called Cocoyashi, and she introduces herself as Nojiko. She convinces the boy to give up on his quest for revenge before talking with Usopp, who discovers that Nojiko is Nami's adoptive sister, Cocoyashi is Nami's hometown, and Nami is part of Arlong's crew. It soon dawns on Usopp that he put Zoro in grave danger by leaving him behind. Elsewhere, a tied-up Zoro is dragged before Arlong, and likewise finds out about Nami's status as his crewmate. However, after hearing Arlong gloat about how Nami will betray one of her own for money and seeing the disturbed reaction from Nami, Zoro throws himself into the pool to test if she's truly is as cold-blooded as Arlong says. Nami's conscience gets the better of her and she dives in to save him. However, to save face with Arlong, she beats Zoro up to assure the Fishman she's still part of his crew, and orders for Zoro to be thrown into the dungeon. Later that day in Cocoyashi, Arlong visits the village and confronts the town's sheriff, Genzo, over collecting some weaponry, which he sees as rebellion, though Genzo denies it as just a simple hobby collecting. Usopp and Nojiko watch from nearby as she tells Usopp about the monthly fee the village is forced to pay Arlong to avoid being killed. Arlong prepares to kill Genzo to make an example of him, but is stopped by Usopp, who fires a explosive star at him. He runs as the Fishmen chase after him, while Arlong's crew is forced to drag him away before he goes berserk and destroys the town. Nami arrives in town shortly afterwards, but the villagers give her the cold shoulder except for Genzo and Nojiko. They visit a grave belonging to someone named Belle-mere, where Nami reveals she almost has the money to buy back Cocoyashi from Arlong. Meanwhile, Zoro, who was freed by Nami, has beaten up all the Fishmen until he meets Hatchan, another of Arlong's subordinates, who, thinking Zoro is part of the Marines that Arlong pays off, offers him a ride back into town. However, once Zoro makes it to the village, he hears about the Fishmen capturing Usopp and tries to rush back to the park. Unfortunately, Usopp is presented to Arlong and Nami, the latter of whom offers to kill him. Usopp attempts to escape but is caught, seemingly stabbed by Nami, and thrown into the pool, which is enough to convince Arlong and his crew, as well as Johnny (who's watching from a distance), that she really is on Arlong's side. Luffy's group finally arrives at the island and instantly (and almost literally) runs into Zoro. As they regroup, they meet up with Johnny, who reports what happened to Usopp. Nami finds them and tells the group to take their ship and leave, but Luffy refuses, and she leaves angrily. As the bunch are figuring what to do next, Usopp appears alive and well. He explains that Nami actually saved him by stabbing her arm when she pretended to stab him, and he merely fainted into the pool when she "killed" him. Nojiko arrives and, seeing that the group are determined to regain Nami, tells them her backstory. Their foster mother, Belle-mere, was in the Marines and fought in a battle on a unnamed island that saw most of the residents dead. She was near-death herself she was found by Nojiko, then a small child, who was carrying a baby Nami. Belle-mere willed herself back to life and took the two girls back to Cocoyashi Village in a raging storm. Once all three were cured, Belle-mere decided to adopt the two girls and retire from the Marines. Years passed, Nami and Nojiko grew into young girls, and while the three of them weren't financially sound, they lived as happily together as any family. On one fateful day eight years ago, Nami got into a fight with Belle-mere and fled into town. Genzo found her and explained Belle-mere's past to Nami, who went back home hoping to make amends. However, around the same time, Arlong's crew also landed. Arlong instantly took over the island, instating the "pay or die" system. They found out about Belle-mere's house and went to collect the money; Belle-mere tried fending them off, but was no match. Since she didn't have enough money to cover all three of them, she agreed to pay the sum only for her two daughters, sacrificing herself for them. Arlong agreed, and after a tearful goodbye to her daughters, Belle-mere was murdered by Arlong right in front of their eyes. Hatchan then took note of the maps that Nami had drawn, which impressed Arlong. He kidnapped Nami and took her to his headquarters. When Nami returned to the village, she showed them the Arlong Pirates tattoo on her arm, showing that she had joined Arlong's crew, to the villagers' dismay. However, when she and Nojiko were alone, Nami revealed the deal she made with Arlong to buy back Cocoyashi's freedom for one hundred million Berries, never truly being on Arlong's side. And so as the years passed, Nami would venture out and steal as much as she could, stockpiling it to someday pay off the sum. Back in the present, the group (or, at least, those who listened to the story—Luffy just wandered off since he doesn't care about Nami's motives and wants to help her regardless, and Zoro slept through it) is astonished and indeed realize how much Nami has sacrificed for her home island. Meanwhile, a few Marines come to the island, having gotten the villagers' S.O.S to help them. They make the mistake of attacking Arlong beforehand, prompting his crew to retaliate and sink the ship with the Marines on board. Another group of Marines led by a corrupt Captain named Nezumi, who is being paid off by Arlong, heads to Nami's house and accuses her of harboring illegal money. Nami at first denies this claim, but when the Marines get dangerously close to finding her hoard, she snaps and attacks them. Genzo states that the money is for Cocoyashi, and explains to a startled Nami that he and the entire village always knew about this after forcing Nojiko to tell them. However, they've kept quiet to avoid worrying Nami and putting any more pressure on her. The Marines begin to dig up the money, and Nami tries to attack again. A Marine sets his gun-sights on her, and Nojiko jumps in the line of fire and gets hit in the arm. Nami is furious, and goes to Arlong Park and confronts Arlong about sending the corrupt Marines to search her house. He, of course, denies it and mocks her, claiming if she lost the money, she'll just have to start again. Nami rushes back to the village, where Genzo is rallying the villagers to fight Arlong. Nami tries to dissuade them, but fails, and they head for Arlong Park. Distressed and angered, Nami stabs the Arlong tattoo on her arm until Luffy stops her. She tries to tell him to go away, but eventually breaks down and asks for his help. Luffy gives her his Straw Hat and yells skyward that he will. He, Zoro, Usopp, and Sanji head to Arlong Park, where, luckily, Johnny and Yosaku, after overhearing Nami's story and trying and failing to take on Arlong, have stalled the villagers and convinced them to wait for the Straw Hats to arrive. Luffy breaks his way into the compound, identifies Arlong, and punches him without delay. This prompts the rest of the Fishmen to attack, along with Mohmoo, the sea cow from earlier. Luffy takes them all out easily by grabbing Mohmoo and using him to knock out the majority of the pirates, leaving only Arlong and his officers (Hatchan, Kuroobi and Chu). However, this attack leaves Luffy's legs stuck in the ground, and Arlong picks up the concrete around his feet and throws him into the pool to drown, proclaiming it to be a game in which Luffy's crewmates must beat the Fishmen to save him. After a very rough start—Usopp runs away with Chu chasing him, Sanji is seemingly knocked out by Kuroobi, and Zoro is suffering a fever from his wound from Mihawk—the crew starts to gain ground. Despite his wounds, Zoro manages to beat Hatchan in a sword fight. Sanji dives into the water to help Luffy and is at first left at a disadvantage when Kuroobi starts pummeling him. However, after seeing that Nojiko and Genzo are helping Luffy, he manages to force Kuroobi to the surface and returns the favor. Far outside Arlong Park, Usopp nearly chickens out of his battle with Chu, but after remembering that the others are fighting for Nami's sake, gains the courage to face the Fishman, winning by being intuitive with the tools he has. Arlong is now the only Fishman left, and a battle-worn Zoro and Sanji are no match for him. Nami arrives, and Arlong gives her the choice to either rejoin his crew willingly—and in return, he'll spare the villagers, but will still kill Zoro and Sanji—or refuse, in which case, he'll kill everyone on the island except for her and force her to rejoin him. Deciding to believe in her friends' promise to save her, she asks the villagers to fight Arlong with her and die together, and they gladly agree. Zoro buys Sanji some time to go into the water and help Luffy. Despite a scare from Hatchan, Sanji manages to break the rock around Luffy's legs and he re-enters the fight, engaging in a final brawl against Arlong. Both trade blows around the park, with Arlong repeatedly bragging about how superior Fishmen are to humans. Nevertheless, Luffy stays on even ground with him. Eventually, the battle moves into the top floor of the building, which happens to be where Nami made her maps for Arlong. Arlong gloats that he makes good "use" of Nami's talents and that he'll be her "friend". This only serves to anger Luffy, who starts wreaking the room, feeling Nami's despair within it and reasoning that it's the best way to help her. As Nami watches furniture get tossed from the room, she silently thanks him for it. Arlong decides to finish the fight with a spinning shark bite, but Luffy brings down his Gum Gum Ax move on him at the last second, slamming Arlong through several floors of the building and finally knocking him out. However, the building destabilizes and collapses with Luffy still inside. Everyone looks on, stunned, wondering who won, until Luffy rises from the rubble, yelling out the iconic line... LUFFY : NAMI!!! YOU'RE ONE OF US NOW!!! Nami tearfully agrees and the villagers celebrate their liberation. Nezumi arrives and tries to claim all the money from the island as his own, but the Straw Hat beat him up for trying to spoil the proceedings, with Nami getting the last blow to get back at him for his earlier actions. After being forced to give Nami her money back and help rebuild the island, Nezumi runs off, vowing revenge. He instantly reports about Luffy to Marine HQ and demands that a bounty be put on his head. The citizens of the various villages on the island party for three days. Zoro gets his wounds bandaged and properly stitched up, as does Nami, though she requests a new tattoo of her own design (a hybrid of tangerines and a pinwheel, as tribute to Belle-mere and Genzo respectively) to replace her old Arlong tattoo. Sanji flirts with the females of the island, while Usopp tells his tall tales to a captive audience. Luffy, while wandering around trying to find food, stumbles upon the grave of Belle-mere while Genzo is visiting it. He makes Luffy promise that he won't ever make Nami cry, and Luffy agrees. After the partying dies down, the Straw Hats prepare to leave. Johnny and Yosaku bid the crew farewell and take their leave, and Nami arrives, running right past all the confused citizens, who try to say their goodbyes to her before she jumps onboard the Merry as it shoves off. She then pulls up her shirt to reveal that she's just pick-pocketed all of their wallets , much to the anger and disbelief of the villagers. Despite this, they all wish Nami well as she and the Straw Hats leave Cocoyashi. As Nojiko and Genzo watch the crew go, she realizes he doesn't have his pinwheel on his hat. We get another brief flashback: when Nami was a baby, Genzo's rough-looking face caused him to unintentionally scare her, so he put a pinwheel on his head to make Nami smile, and kept it there throughout her childhood. In the present, Genzo states he doesn't need it anymore, and we see that he has put it on Belle-mere's grave as Merry sails off into the distance.

One Piece – Logue Town Arc
After defeating Arlong, the Straw Hats are enjoying a peaceful day sailing in the East Blue. The easygoing mood on the Going Merry ends when a piece of paper falls out of Nami's newspaper—it's a wanted poster of Luffy! After researching Luffy's victories over the East Blue's most notorious active pirates—Buggy the Clown, Don Krieg, and Arlong—the Marines have decided to give Luffy a bounty of 30 million Berries, the highest in East Blue. On a small island somewhere, Mihawk stops by and shows the poster to an old rival, recounting the latter's story about a small boy in a village and noting that he recently met this young man himself. Shanks is excited to see that Luffy's on his way. It's time for the Straw Hats to enter the Grand Line. But before they do, they decide to make one last stop to re-supply. They soon arrive at Logue Town, which is also known as the "town of the beginning and the end", as it is where the Pirate King Gold Roger was born and where he was executed (thus acting as the pro logue and epi logue of his own journey). The Straw Hats split up, each with their own agenda: Nami is going shopping for clothes; Zoro is looking for new swords to replace the two that Mihawk broke, having borrowed money from Nami (at a 300% interest rate, according to her); Usopp is looking for new tools; Sanji needs to buy more food; and Luffy wants to go see the execution grounds where Roger's life ended, and where the Great Pirate Era began. Zoro is looking for a shop when he sees a pair of toughs accost a young lady. The lady turns out to be skilled at swordplay and defeats them both. Zoro is shocked to see that, without her glasses, this woman looks like Kuina! At a store run by a Ippon-Matsu, Zoro tries finding a pair of swords. Matsu, though happy to have a customer, is disappointed to learn that Zoro only has 100 thousand berries to his name. Seeing Zoro's remaining sword (the one that once belonged to Kuina), though, Ippon-Matsu goes into a cold sweat. Examining the sword with Zoro's permission, Ippon-Matsu struggles to keep calm as he makes an offer; if Zoro trades his sword to Matsu, Matsu will supply three quailty blades to the Pirate Hunter. Zoro refuses, and as Matsu frantically tries to barter, the same woman from earlier bursts in, excited; Zoro's sword is Wado Ichimonji, one of the 21 Great Grade swords (the second-highest sword grade in the world), and worth 20 million berries! Angry that his scam was exposed, Matsu returns the sword that the woman has come to pick up from a polish job. The young lady, Tashigi, states that it's her dream to confiscate the various high-grade blades being used for unsavory purposes by pirates and bounty hunters, unaware that the man she's speaking with is Roronoa Zoro, who was once the latter and is now the former. Nevertheless, Zoro is impressed with her good eye for fine weapons, and asks her to help him choose two good swords from the shop for him; she spots a sword and points it out to Zoro, but Matsu refuses to sell it. Zoro knows why: the weapon is cursed. Tashigi and Matsu reveal that the blade is Kitetsu III, a Grade sword (the fourth-highest grade level), and all swords with the Kitetsu name have caused their wielders horrible deaths. Intrigued, Zoro decides to test his luck against the sword's curse; he tosses the blade in the air, but it doesn't strike him coming down. Shocked by this, Matsu quickly gives Zoro his store's prize, Yubashiri (one of the 51 Skillful Grade swords, the third-highest grade), as an apology for trying to cheat him earlier; he allows Zoro to take both swords for free, as it's been years since he's met swordsman of Zoro's caliber. With both Kitetsu III and Yubashiri at his side, Zoro departs. While Nami goes shopping, she notices that a storm is approaching. Sanji buys a giant fish, and sees a beautiful woman walking by. On the execution platform, Luffy marvels at what Roger saw before he died. Just then, the beautiful woman calls out to Luffy, glad to see him again, but he's sure he's never seen her before. She claims she has, and that he struck her. After she asks the gathering crowd who the most beautiful woman on the seas is (to which the men and women alike answer that she is), the nearby fountain explodes. However, the shrapnel just slides off of the woman's body. A group of cloaked figures appears, calling the woman "Alvida"; she is, indeed, that same female pirate Luffy met after leaving his village! After her defeat at Luffy's hands, she ate the Slip-Slip Fruit, and became a woman with super-smooth skin; it even changed her appearance. Now she wants Luffy to be her man, but he'll have to defeat someone else first...and the cloaked figures reveal themselves to be Buggy and his crew! Cabaji leaps out of nowhere and puts Luffy in a stockade on top of the execution platform. Meanwhile, Mohji and Richie are on their way to burn the Straw Hats' ship. Buggy declares that Luffy's going to have an execution, Grand-Style! Luffy's friends and the CO of the local Marines, Captain Smoker, all get wind of what's going on. After meeting up with his sergeant—the young woman Zoro earlier befriended, Tashigi—Smoker decides to surround the execution grounds, but not move in until the pirates are tired out from fighting each other. He also sends out some of his forces to take down the pirates' ships. As the clouds darken, the rest of the Straw Hats make their move; while Zoro and Sanji go to rescue Luffy, Nami and Usopp head back to the Merry . However, despite Zoro's and Sanji's best efforts, Buggy's crew is able to keep them from reaching the execution platform in time. As Buggy prepares to chop off Luffy's head, the Straw Hat Pirate makes one bold statement: "I WILL BECOME THE PIRATE KING!" But as the blade closes down on his neck, Luffy just gives a huge grin and says to his friends, "Sorry, but...I'm dead!" Then, out of nowhere, the platform is struck by lightning. No one is more shocked by this circumstance than Smoker: not just by Luffy's stroke of luck, but also by the fact that he smiled when he thought he was about to die. Another "dying man" smiled on that platform 22 years ago...Gold Roger! Smoker then realizes that, with the storm, not only have his men returned to the base for dry gunpowder, but the wind is blowing in such a way that the Straw Hats will be able to escape faster. It seems like the Fates themselves are helping their voyage. The Marine Captain swears not to let Luffy escape. "These things cannot be stopped. An inherited strength of will. One's dreams. The ebb and flow of the ages. As long as people hunger for freedom...these things will exist." - Gold Roger, King of the Pirates A mysterious, cloaked figure enters Logue Town, commenting that being a pirate is not a bad idea.... As Luffy, Zoro, and Sanji make their getaway, Buggy recovers. But before he and Alvida can make chase, they and the Buggy Pirates are captured by the Smoke-Smoke Fruit powers of Smoker. At the Going Merry , the storm is preventing Mohji from setting the ship on fire. Usopp and Nami show up, and their appearance causes Mohji to slip and fall unconscious. After distracting Richie with a Fresh Egg Star, Usopp and Nami quickly prepare to set sail. Elsewhere, the rest of the Straw Hats are confronted by Tashigi, who's furious to find out that the person she helped out with sword-shopping is Roronoa Zoro, bounty-hunter-turned-pirate. While Luffy and Sanji escape, Zoro duels her. Disarming her easily, Zoro prepares to leave, but Tashigi demands to know why she wasn't killed. Angry at the assumption that she was spared for being a woman, Tashigi states that she wishes she was a man, which is when Zoro finally loses it. He admits that Tashigi is too similar to his childhood friend in both appearance and personality, and demands that she stop being a copycat. Tashigi angrily retorts that maybe his friend is the copycat, and the two of them begin arguing childishly. Meanwhile, Luffy and Sanji are confronted by Smoker. Smoker's ability to turn into smoke allows him to avoid their powerful blows, and he defeats the two pirates easily. As Smoker has Luffy pinned down and is about to arrest him, the cloaked figure appears, stopping him. A blast of wind sweeps through the town, freeing Luffy and Sanji and sending them on their way towards the Merry . Smoker demands to know why this man, Dragon, is helping Luffy. Dragon's reply is basically, "Why not?" and leaves. Angry at allowing pirates to escape, Smoker and Tashigi decide to chase after the Straw Hat Pirates into the Grand Line. Buggy, who has escaped from the Marines along with his crew and Alvida, makes similar pledge, remarking that entering the Grand Line would be "nostalgic." Approaching a lighthouse through the storm, the Straw Hats re-pledge their dreams in a make-shift launching ceremony. Sanji's going to find the All Blue. Luffy's going to become the Pirate King. Zoro's going to become the world's strongest swordsman. Nami's going to make a map of the world. And Usopp is going to become a warrior of the sea. The Straw Hats are heading towards the Grand Line!

One Piece – Laboon Arc
After escaping the Marines in Loguetown, Nami breaks the news to the rest of the crew that the entrance to the Grand Line is a waterway, which goes up a mountain called Reverse Mountain. Usopp is disbelieving that a ship would be able to climb up a waterway, and Zoro brings up the idea of just sailing south to get to the Grand Line that way. Just as Nami rejects the thought, the storm suddenly ceases completely; they've drifted into the Calm Belt, a windless ocean belt that borders the Grand Line on both sides, and is inhabited by massive Sea Kings, some of whom toss the Going Merry about before it crashes back into the stormy East Blue. Nami explains that this is exactly why ships can't sail into the Grand Line from the side, and have to enter using Reverse Mountain. Now caught in a sea current, the crew does their best to navigate the Going Merry up through the waterway, and though the steering rudder snaps, Luffy is quick enough to veer the ship on the right course towards the Grand Line, which is veiled by a blanket of mist. However, trouble suddenly arises as they face another obstacle in their path... a giant, scarred whale howling to the sky, with the crew in a tight spot due to the broken rudder. To avoid a collision, Luffy gets the idea to fire the front cannon to decrease their speed; while this does indeed slow them down, it still isn't enough to completely prevent the ship from ramming into the whale, and the ship's figurehead snaps off. In a fit of rage by the destruction of his special seat, Luffy throws a punch directly at the whale's eye, prompting it to open its maw and swallow the Going Merry whole, with only Luffy narrowly managing to avoid being eaten. His attempts to get the whale to cough up his crew are in vain, but he discovers a peculiar hatch on the whale's body moments before it submerges. Inside of the whale, the rest of the crew come upon a peculiar sight: a blue sky and a tiny island with a summer home. A giant squid appears before them, but it is suddenly killed by harpoons shot by an old man making his residence in the small home. He introduces himself as Crocus, the lighthouse keeper of Reverse Mountain, and states that the pirates were indeed swallowed by the whale. Suddenly, their surroundings start shaking violently, and Crocus laments that the whale is ramming its head into the Red Line. As he heads off to sedate the whale, the crew prepares to attempt to leave. In the meantime, having found himself in metallic corridors, Luffy is hurled about once the whale's insides start shaking up, crashing straight into a mysterious duo and sending all three of them hurtling directly into the whale's stomach. After the rest of the crew fishes the three up, the duo fires directly upon the whale's stomach, but Crocus saves it by taking the cannon shells himself, before Luffy promptly knocks the two of them out. With that conflict solved, Crocus tells them more about the whale: named Laboon, he came from the West Blue as a baby together with a group of pirates about fifty years ago. While the crew had tried leaving him behind because of the danger the Grand Line poses, he nonetheless followed them into the great ocean. The crew befriended Crocus, and their captain asked him to take care of Laboon for a few years, after which they would return; however, they never came back. In the present, the Straw Hats sail out of Laboon and back into the sea, and toss the mysterious duo overboard; after introducing themselves as Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday, they promptly swim off. The Straw Hats and Crocus ponder the ultimate fate of Laboon's old crew; Crocus believes that they fled the Grand Line via the Calm Belt after losing hope, and while he has tried to explain this to Laboon, the whale refuses to listen, and began bellowing towards the mountain and slamming his head against the Red Line, resulting in the many scars on his head. Due to this, Crocus is adamant about remaining at the Reverse Mountain lighthouse by Laboon's side to ensure that the whale doesn't end up killing himself. At this point, Luffy suddenly tears off the Going Merry 's mast, and begins engaging Laboon in a seemingly random match, much to the shock of everyone else. However, after a vicious battle between the two of them, Luffy suddenly declares that the match is a tie, and that he'll definitely come back after their voyage around the world has finished so he and Laboon can settle the score, giving Laboon with a new goal to wait for. To mark this promise, Luffy (poorly) paints the Straw Hat Pirates' Jolly Roger on Laboon's face, covering up most of his scars and preventing him from ramming his head against the Red Line anymore, lest he rub the paint off. Nami discovers that their compass has started going haywire, and Crocus explains that, with how the Grand Line is structured, ordinary compasses are useless there. The crew needs a Log Pose to navigate from island to island, with several different possible paths, until eventually reaching the last island of the Grand Line: Raftel, supposedly where Gold Roger left his treasure, the One Piece. As it turns out, Luffy happened to procure a Log Pose after Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday dropped it when they were tossed overboard, but it's accidentally shattered thanks to Luffy's and Sanji's antics. Crocus instead offers his own Log Pose as thanks for aiding Laboon. Meanwhile, Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday, while thinking of means to get back both their Log Pose and Laboon, are attacked by another duo called the Unluckies—an otter called Mr. 13 and a vulture called Miss Friday—who send them careening into the ocean. They emerge at Reverse Mountain near the crew and Crocus, and offer a deal with the Straw Hat Pirates: in exchange for leaving Laboon alone, the Straw Hats will take the two of them to their hometown of Whiskey Peak, one of the possible first stops of the Grand Line. Luffy agrees to this, and with the new companions at the ready, the Straw Hats bid Crocus and Laboon farewell. As they sail off, Crocus comments that Luffy has a certain aura to him, as if he's talking to Gold Roger himself...

One Piece – Whiskey Peak Arc
On the way to Whiskey Peak, the crew repeatedly has to deal with rapidly changing weather caused by the Grand Line's unstable climate, as well as the increased difficulty of navigation. Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday mock Nami's lack of preparation for the much tougher environment of the Grand Line, but she is confident that she can handle it, and forces the pair to help the rest of the crew navigate through the storm. Eventually, they finally manage to navigate to more peaceful waters, but everyone is exhausted, save for Luffy and Zoro (the latter of whom slept through the entire thing). Zoro wakes up and finally notices that Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday are on the ship; their strange names seem to mean something to him, but before he can question them further, the conversation is ended by Nami angrily beating Zoro up in retaliation for him sleeping through the storm and not helping out. As the crew approaches Whiskey Peak, Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday suddenly and unexpectedly abandon ship. The Straw Hats see people watching them from the island, but upon docking, are surprised to receive a very warm and enthusiastic welcome from the entire town, led by a man named Igarappoi, who invites them to party with the rest of the townspeople in celebration for making it to the Grand Line. Luffy, Usopp, and Sanji enthusiastically agree, but Zoro and Nami seem more wary; nonetheless, they all go to the bar and have a fun evening, which ends when all five crew members are apparently asleep/passed out—Luffy from a giant food coma, Zoro and Nami from a drunken stupor as a result of a drinking contest, and Usopp and Sanji presumably from drinking and exhaustion as well. After they're all asleep, Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday meet with Igarappoi—who is otherwise known as Mr. 8—and his partner, Miss Monday. They and the other townspeople plan to rob the Straw Hats' ship, capture them alive, and turn them over to the government; however, before they can go any further, they are interrupted by Zoro, who was merely pretending to be drunk and passed out earlier. Zoro reveals to them that he knows the entire town runs a scam on rookie pirates of the Grand Line who visit the island, welcoming them by day while robbing them by night, and all of the town's occupants are actually members of a group of bounty hunters called Baroque Works, who once tried unsuccessfully to recruit him back when he was still a bounty hunter himself. As a result of Zoro knowing this, the entire group of bounty hunters tries to kill him to preserve the secret; however, Zoro near-effortlessly defeats almost all of them, happy for the chance to try out his new swords. He has a bit more trouble with Miss Monday, Mr. 8, Mr. 9, and Miss Wednesday (with a complication arising when Miss Wednesday takes the still-sleeping Luffy hostage), but still defeats them with relative ease as well. Shortly afterwards, as Mr. 8, Mr 9., and Miss Wednesday are attempting to regroup, another pair of agents—Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine—show up to confront them (in a conversation overheard by both Nami—who was also faking being passed out—and Zoro), telling the trio that they were sent by the boss of Baroque Works to eliminate two spies in the organization who had learned his identity. The spies are revealed to be be Igarappoi/Mr. 8 (whose real name is Igaram), the Defense Minister for the kingdom of Alabasta; and Miss Wednesday, who is actually the Alabastan princess, Nefertari Vivi. Igaram attempts to defend Vivi, but is easily defeated by Mr. 5; Mr. 9, despite not knowing what's going on, also fights the pair to buy Vivi some time out of loyalty for their several years of partnership. Vivi flees the area on the back of her duck mount, Karoo, with Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine chasing them. After they're gone, Igaram begs Zoro to protect the princess, and Nami, seeing the chance to make money, makes an offer to Igaram to save Vivi in exchange for 1 billion berries, although she coerces Zoro into doing the work. After Zoro leaves in pursuit of Vivi and the assassins, Igaram explains to Nami that the final goal of Baroque Works is to create a utopian country, with the group's boss as the leader and its highest-ranking members as his subordinates in positions of power. Meanwhile, Luffy has woken up, and upon seeing the large group of unconscious "townspeople", becomes angry with Zoro for beating up "the nice people who gave us food", and sets off to find him. Elsewhere, Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine catch up with Vivi. Miss Monday tries to step in to defend her and buy her more time, but is quickly defeated. Zoro arrives and defends Vivi from one of Mr. 5's attacks, but before the fight can progress further, Luffy also shows up and, too riled up to listen to reason or explanation, challenges Zoro to a fight. Zoro, annoyed, accepts, and the two start viciously battling, to the bewilderment of the others. Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine try to attack them, but Luffy and Zoro both just respond with anger that the pair are interrupting their fight, and knock both of them out with ease while barely paying attention to them. Nami arrives and breaks up the fight, and the misunderstanding is quickly cleared up. Vivi tells the trio that Alabasta is on the verge of a civil war that's being instigated by the leader of Baroque Works, Mr. 0, and Vivi and Igaram infiltrated BW to figure out his true identity. Vivi refuses to share this information with them, lest they become targets as well, but accidentally says his name anyway: Sir Crocodile, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea (Shichibukai). This slip-up is overheard by the Unluckies, Mr. 13 (an otter) and Miss Friday (a vulture), the messengers and information-gatherers of BW; they promptly sketch very accurate pictures of Luffy, Zoro, and Nami, and then immediately depart to deliver them to Crocodile, thus adding the three of them to Baroque Works' hit list (much to Luffy's and Zoro's delight and Nami's and Vivi's horror). Igaram shows up, now disguised (rather poorly) as Vivi, and asks if the Straw Hats will escort Vivi safely back to Alabasta, to which Luffy agrees. Igaram sails off in his disguise, hoping to distract the enemy long enough for the Straw Hats to escape with Vivi; however, almost immediately after he sets sail, his ship is destroyed in a huge explosion witnessed by the group, apparently killing him. They immediately prepare to set sail, with Luffy retrieving the still-sleeping Sanji and Usopp while Nami reassures Vivi that her four male crewmates are strong and that, with their help, Vivi will be able to save Alabasta. Shortly after the crew departs, a mysterious woman appears on the ship, congratulating the crew for successfully escaping. Vivi recognizes the woman as Miss All-Sunday, Mr. 0/Crocodile's partner and the second-in-command of Baroque Works, as well as the only member who's allowed to know his identity. Her motives and status as a villain are ambiguous, as lampshaded by Luffy: she allowed Vivi and Igaram to follow her and learn Mr. 0's true identity despite knowing that they were traitors, but then reported this security breach to Crocodile; she also implies that she was the one who caused the explosion and killed Igaram. When Sanji and Usopp hold Miss All-Sunday at gunpoint and Zoro also prepares to fight her, she calmly disarms all of them using an unknown Devil Fruit power and insists that she did not come to fight or even antagonize them. In fact, she actually offers to make their trip to Alabasta easier by giving them an Eternal Pose to an island near Alabasta that would allow them to bypass the other islands they would otherwise have to visit, and would also let them shake off BW pursuers. However, Vivi and most of the crew are reluctant to accept it, believing the offer to be a trap, and Luffy then shatters the Eternal Pose, stating that Miss All-Sunday doesn't get to decide the route they will take. She calmly shrugs this off and leaves, while the crew sets sail with Nami's Log Pose to the next island, Little Garden.

One Piece – Little Garden Arc
As the crew arrives at Little Garden, they are surprised to see that the plants and animals there are anything but "little". Nami and Usopp are freaked out and wish to just stay aboard the ship until the Log Pose resets, but Luffy is eager for the chance to go exploring on the island. Vivi decides to join him along with Carue, since she feels it will be a good distraction from thinking about all the problems going on in her country. Shortly after they leave, Zoro also decides to disembark to take a walk; when Sanji asks him to kill something in the forest and bring it back as food, Zoro promises to catch something that Sanji could never kill himself. Pissed off, Sanji challenges Zoro to a hunting contest to see who can bring back the most meat, and Zoro agrees; they both depart, leaving Usopp and Nami alone on the Going Merry , much to their chagrin. While exploring, Luffy, Vivi, and Carue encounter (to Vivi's horror) a dinosaur! She explains that, since many islands of the Grand Line are isolated and do not interact with each other, their wildlife is in all different phases of evolution; some islands have extremely advanced technology, while others (like Little Garden) are still stuck in prehistoric times. Luffy, naturally, finds the entire experience awesome and happily plays around with the dinosaurs; elsewhere, Zoro and Sanji each separately encounter dinosaurs themselves, humorously not realizing what they are (Sanji taking a T-Rex to be a "giant lizard", and Zoro mistaking a Triceratops for a "rhino") and simply killing them for food. Back on the ship, Nami, remembering that she'd read something strange about Little Garden in the past, finally finds a book about it, learning not only about the prehistoric life, but also that the island is inhabited by giants. Unfortunately, immediately after she discovers this, a giant named Brogy finds Usopp and Nami at the ship, to both their terror; Brogy invites them to "have a feast" with him, but, believing that Brogy plans to eat them , Nami and Usopp try playing dead to get him to leave. However, he simply takes the two of them with him back to his home. Meanwhile, another giant, Dorry, saves Luffy from being eaten by a dinosaur, and brings him, Vivi, and Carue back to his own home. Both Dorry and Brogy begin cooking dinosaur meat for their respective guests; while Nami and Usopp are still terrified, believing Brogy wants to fatten them up before eating them, Luffy isn't worried, and makes friends with Dorry easily, which in turn puts Vivi at ease. Both giants tell their guests that the Log Pose will take one year to reset (to their horror/chagrin), and also each claim to be the strongest warriors from the land of Elbaf, island of the giants. They reveal that they were sent to the isolated island of Little Garden 100 years ago (giants usually live around 300 years) to settle a dispute between them by fighting to the death; however, they have reached a tie in every single battle they've fought (which now numbers over 73,000 fights), preventing either of them from returning home. What's more, they both admit that neither of them even remembers anymore what their conflict was about in the first place; at this point, they're continuing to fight purely for the sake of their pride as warriors, something that Nami and Vivi clearly both find ridiculous, but impresses both Luffy and Usopp. After witnessing one of these fights (which occur every time a nearby volcano spews ashes) and seeing it again end in a draw, Usopp forms a secondary dream of one day visiting Elbaf and meeting the giants there, since he sees them as prime examples of the "brave warrior of the sea" that he wishes to become. After the battle, Brogy shares some of the wine that the Straw Hats gave him with Dorry, and the two return home to their respective guests. Elsewhere on the island, in a strange, white house-shaped structure, Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine from the previous arc meet with another pair of Baroque assassins: Mr. 3, a man whose Devil Fruit abilities give him the power to create and manipulate wax (which is what the structure is made out of), and his partner Miss Goldenweek, who looks like a young girl and has the ability to manipulate others' behavior using paint. Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine explain that they followed Vivi and the Straw Hats to complete their assassination mission. Mr. 3 replies he and Miss Goldenweek plan to help them do so, but they also have another reason for being on Little Garden: to kill/capture Dorry and Brogy, who are both former pirates with bounties on their heads of 100 million Berries each, and turn them in for the money. He also reveals that his plan for everyone on the island has already been set into motion. Shortly afterwards, while enjoying the wine that Brogy gave him, one of the wine barrels explodes inside Dorry's stomach, causing him severe internal injuries, much to the horror of Luffy, Vivi, and Carue. When Vivi wonders if Brogy could have put the explosive in the wine to sabotage their next fight, Dorry strongly refutes this statement, stating that Brogy would never do such a thing. Believing that it had to have been the Straw Hats (seemingly the only other possible suspects), Dorry tries to attack them and Luffy is forced to knock him out. Luffy, by now enraged, agrees with Dorry's assessment about Brogy, stating that the fight between them is far too important to dishonor it via sabotage, and since he knows that no one in his crew would do something like that, either, there must be someone else present on the island. At this point, all hell starts to break loose for the heroes. The volcano again spews ashes, signalling the time for another fight. When Luffy tries to protest that Dorry can't possibly battle in his condition—and that he shouldn't , either, since his fight was sabotaged and would thus be unfair—Dorry, for the sake of his pride and honor, refuses to back out of the fight. He apologizes to Luffy and Vivi for suspecting them of the sabotage, now believing that it was a sign of disfavor from the god of Elbaf, but before leaving for the fight, pins Luffy's lower half underneath his house to keep him from following or interfering in the battle, to Luffy's dismay. Vivi then notices that Carue has gone missing. Meanwhile, after Brogy also leaves for the fight, Nami and Usopp try to head over to Dorry's home to meet up with Luffy and Vivi, but are chased through the woods by a dinosaur and become separated. Nami sees and approaches what looks like Luffy in the forest, but is actually a painted wax statue created as a trap by the Mr. 3 pair, who capture her. Zoro, lost in the woods while trying to find his way back to the Merry , sees and approaches a similar statue of Nami, and is captured as well. Usopp, having realized that Nami has gone missing, panics, fearing that she has been eaten by a dinosaur, but does manage to find Luffy and Vivi. From a distance, the three of them witness Dorry—who has been struggling throughout the battle due to his injuries (while hiding them from Brogy) and is further sabotaged near the end of the fight by Mr. 3—finally being cut down by Brogy. Brogy's victory is short-lived, though, and Mr. 3 captures him as well. As Luffy and Usopp both swear vengeance against the saboteurs, the Mr. 5 pair shows up with a badly beaten and unconscious Carue, whom they tortured in a failed attempt to get him to cry out for Vivi and lure her away from her protectors. While they are surprised to see Usopp, whom BW does not know about thanks to the events of the previous arc, they resolve to kill him as well, noting that since Luffy is incapacitated, he will not be able protect himself or the others. Usopp and Vivi both try to fight back, but are quickly defeated by Mr 5.'s explosive powers and Miss Valentine's weight-changing powers. After the pair severely injures and knocks out Usopp and captures Vivi, Mr. 5 further taunts the group by confirming that they were the ones who put the bomb in the wine (which was actually intended for the Straw Hats), and that they've captured Zoro and Nami; when Luffy taunts him in return, Mr. 5 delivers several explosive kicks to his face, and the pair drags a screaming Vivi away while leaving Luffy, Usopp, and Carue for dead. They bring Vivi to Mr. 3 and Miss Goldenweek, who have also restrained Brogy. Mr. 3 explains that he plans to kill all four of them (Zoro, Nami, Vivi, and Brogy) by using a giant wax structure topped with candles to melt the wax into small flakes that will eventually coat them inside and out, turning them into wax statues and making them part of his "art". He traps Vivi, Zoro, and Nami on the structure by their feet and holds Brogy down with wax handcuffs next to it, while revealing to all of them the part he played in sabotaging the battle between Brogy and Dorry, much to Brogy's horror. Zoro, disgusted, manages to lift Brogy from his depression by asking the giant to try to break free of his bonds in order to fight together with him, with Zoro actually planning to cut his own feet off to get free from the structure. Before he can go through with it, though (after cutting only halfway through his ankles), Luffy, Usopp, and Carue show up to save the day; however, they struggle in their 3-on-4 battle against the four Baroque assassins. While Usopp and Carue run off with the Mr. 5 pair chasing them, Luffy follows his friends' instructions to knock the pillar over to stop the wax-coating procedure, but this actually just ends up speeding up the process. He finally manages to knock out Mr. 3, only for Miss Goldenweek to use her hypnosis-like painting powers (which are extremely effective against Luffy) to repeatedly prevent him from rescuing his friends. Usopp and Carue come back only to find that the four prisoners are completely coated with wax now, and thus have minutes at most to live. He succeeds in freeing Luffy from Miss Goldenweek's trap, and, despite being restrained by Miss Valentine, has Carue wrap an oil-covered rope around the entire wax structure, realizing that, if they can find a way to melt the wax, their friends can still be saved. When Mr. 3 gets back up to fight, Luffy uses the flame in his hair to light the rope on fire, lighting up the entire giant wax structure. Mr. 3 and Miss Goldenweek run off, with Luffy and Carue chasing them. Miss Valentine tries to kill Usopp, but she is defeated by a revived Nami and Vivi, who strike her while emerging from the flames. Mr. 5 tries to shoot all three of them, but Usopp distracts him long enough for the also-revived Zoro to finish him off. Elsewhere, Luffy catches up with Mr. 3 and Miss Goldenweek, who try to deceive him via well-painted wax copies of Mr. 3 (hoping that Luffy will waste his time attacking the wrong one, giving them an opening to strike); however, Luffy successfully knocks out the real Mr. 3 immediately, saying he knew which one was real via "instinct." As Miss Goldenweek tries to sneak away, Carue corners her and defeats her offscreen. Meanwhile, Sanji, back at the Going Merry , is worried since the others have been gone for so long, and leaves the ship to go look for them, stumbling upon Mr. 3's wax hideout in the process. After helping himself to some tea, he is about to leave when he hears a Transponder Snail (Den Den Mushi) ringing, and sarcastically answers it by quipping "Hello, you've reached the Crap Café," only to learn that the deep-voiced man on the other end is Mr. 0, the boss of Baroque Works, who is calling for Mr. 3. Remembering what his friends told him about Baroque, Sanji, improvising, pretends to be Mr. 3, reporting that "he" has successfully completed "his" assassination mission and that Vivi and the Straw Hats are dead. Mr. 0 congratulates him and replies that he has sent the Unluckies to deliver an Eternal Pose to Alabasta, and that he is to return immediately. The Unluckies arrive at Mr. 3's hideout and, recognizing Sanji as an imposter, try to kill him; however, Sanji successfully defeats them both, and just barely manages to preserve his cover with Mr. 0. After hanging up, Mr. 0 orders Miss All-Sunday to send Mr. 2 to assassinate Mr. 3 en route to Alabasta. Sanji takes the Eternal Pose from the now-unconscious Unluckies and heads out to find his friends. In the aftermath of the battle, Dorry (who survived his injury in the fight and was merely unconscious) and Brogy appear to have buried the hatchet for good, and are having a victory celebration with dinosaur meat with the rest of the Straw Hat crew. Sanji arrives and tells the others about his conversation with Mr. 0, stating that, since Baroque Works now believes them to be dead, they won't have to worry anymore about being continuously pursued by assassins on the way to Alabasta. When the rest of the crew laments that, despite this good news, they'll have to wait around anyway for the Log Pose to reset, Sanji also brings out the Eternal Pose he stole, to the humorous shock of the others. With the Pose, and plenty of food thanks to Zoro's and Sanji's hunting contest (which each of them claims they won, but everyone else thinks is a tie), the crew prepares to set sail, bidding goodbye to their new giant friends with Usopp promising to visit Elbaf someday. As they're leaving the island, the Going Merry is almost swallowed by a Sea King that prevents sailors from leaving the island once they've entered it, but Brogy and Dorry work together and defeat it for the sake of helping their friends, allowing the crew to continue on their journey.

One Piece – Drum Island Arc
While sailing away to Alabasta, Nami suddenly collapses, wracked with fever. Since she is the only one with even a smidgen of medical knowledge (as the boys have never gotten sick), no one knows how to treat her. Even worse, a newspaper article reports that the rebels in Alabasta now outnumber the royal army; the civil war is nigh. But when the ill Nami still manages to direct the ship away from a massive storm, Vivi makes up her mind that the crew needs to heal their navigator before anything. As they keep an eye out for any island, the Going Merry is accosted by the Wapol Pirates, run by a stout man named Wapol, whose Munch-Munch Fruit ( Baku Baku no Mi ) power allows him to eat anything. Wapol demands an Eternal Pose to a place called Drum Island, and when the Straw Hats can't comply, he starts eating the ship itself. The attackers are quickly repelled when Luffy sends Wapol flying, but Vivi seems to recognize Wapol from somewhere. The ship soon finds land—the very Drum Island that Wapol is looking for, a winter island with giant cylinder-shaped mountains. As they arrive, they run into trouble from the locals, who don't want pirates in their country and prepare to attack them; however, Vivi gives Luffy a lesson in humility by telling him that a leader must never be too proud to beg for the lives of his subordinates, and when Luffy and Vivi beg to be allowed onto the island to find medical treatment for their sick crewmate, the de-facto leader, Dalton, allows the Straw Hats to land. After taking them to a village (save for Zoro and Carue, who stay behind to guard the ship), he explains that Drum Island has only one doctor, an old woman named Kureha, who lives at the top of Drum Mountain and only comes down whenever she wants to. How she gets from the top of the mountain and back is a mystery, but there are rumors that she has a strange creature at her service. With Nami's condition critical, Luffy decides to take his navigator to the doctor herself, with Sanji along for protection. As the trio leave, Dalton explains to Vivi and Usopp that Drum used to have plenty of doctors, but that all changed when the island was attacked by a crew called the Blackbeard Pirates. Though they were only five in number, the country's king, Wapol, was so scared of their immense power that, instead of fighting, he took his army, his cabinet, and all of the doctors, and fled the island. Vivi is outraged that a king would abandon his own people, but Dalton admits that his leaving was for the better. Dalton then notices that Vivi seems familiar herself, but then a villager tells them that Kureha was spotted in another village some distance away. Usopp and Vivi race off, hoping to catch the doctor, but Dalton learns something worse: Wapol has returned! Up near the mountain's foot, Luffy and Sanji run into trouble with the Lapahns, bear-sized rabbit creatures that inhabit the mountains. With the sick Nami on his back, Luffy can't fight without worsening her condition, forcing them to retreat. Down below, Dalton confronts Wapol and rants on Wapol's cruel policies; Wapol chased off or killed every doctor that wasn't under his direct employ, so if someone got sick, they had to go to Wapol and beg for his aid. Dalton uses his Ox-Ox Fruit: Bison Model powers on Wapol's men, but Chess, one of Wapol's two top subordinates, turns his bow on the villagers, forcing Dalton to take the bullet. Just as things look bad, the Lapahns start a huge avalanche, burying almost everyone in the snow. Everyone manages to survive, but Sanji is severely injured and Luffy is forced to carry him as well, though not before pulling a buried Lapahn out of the snow first. Down below, Wapol learns that Luffy is heading towards his castle on Drum Mountain, and takes Chess and Kuromarimo (his other top subordinate) to ride after the pirate. Once they catch up with him, they attempt to directly attack Nami and Sanji, but the Straw Hats are saved when the Lapahns come to face Wapol. Luffy soon scales Drum Mountain, an all-vertical climb, and, frost-bitten with nearly broken fingers, manages to reach the top, where they are found by a giant creature. When Nami comes to, she finds herself in a castle and eventually greeted by said creature, who is now much smaller, and who calls himself Chopper. His mentor—the elderly lady doctor named Kureha—shows up and explains that Nami contracted a virus from a mosquito on Little Garden, and is lucky that her crewmates got her to them in time before the illness progressed further. As they talk, Luffy and Sanji finally wake up and end up freaking out Chopper (Luffy for wanting him to be in his crew and Sanji trying to cook him), causing a chase around the castle. While that goes on, Kureha goes into Chopper's backstory to Nami. In the past, Wapol imposed a law that forced all doctors to work under him, with the people of the island having to beg him for any kind of treatment. Only two weren't under his control: Kureha and a man named Hiriluk. However, Hiriluk was a "quack doctor" whose treatments were unorthodox and did more harm than help. One day while returning home from the village, he ran into a creature who was bleeding profusely. He tried to help it, but the creature kept batting him away. It was only when Hiriluk stripped naked in front of it to show that he meant no harm that he gained the creature's trust. Hiriluk took the creature in and discovered his shape-shifting powers and ability to speak. Dubbing him Tony Tony Chopper ("Tony Tony" as a nickname of "tonakai" ("reindeer"), and "Chopper" due to claiming his antlers could "chop down trees"), the two formed a friendship and bonded through their escapades to help the village. However, after a year, Hiriluk suddenly kicked Chopper out of his home without warning, much to the reindeer's confusion. It was soon revealed that Hiriluk had a terminal disease and was slowly dying, and kicked Chopper out to prevent him from seeing him slowly die. Upon learning this, Chopper scanned the medical books in the hopes for any cure he could find. He stumbled upon a mushroom with a skull and crossbones drawn next to it—which, based on what Hiriluk had told him, was the symbol of a pirate's pride. Hoping it could cure his friend, Chopper set out to find the mushroom, battling through tough weather along the way. He also encounters his old herd, who had shunned Chopper his whole life due to him having a blue nose and later kicked him out completely after he ate the Human-Human Fruit. Eventually, he found the mushroom at cost of being battered and having one of his horns broken. Hiriluk was very grateful for it, and took the medicine Chopper made from the plant. Not long after, news reached Hiriluk that the doctors of the kingdom were sick, and he set out to aid them. After visiting Kureha and asking for some last requests, Hiriluk arrived at the castle, only to find out it was a trap set by Wapol to lure him in and kill him. Hiriluk and Kureha had both suspected this might be the case, but he nonetheless wanted to confirm that the doctors were all right, and was relieved to learn that this was indeed the case. Kureha, curious of Hiriluk's odd behavior, visited his hideout and found Chopper there. When he explained that he'd "cured" Hiriluk, Kureha revealed to Chopper that the medicine he'd given him was poison, since that's the real meaning of the skull and crossbones in a medical context. Even though Hiriluk knew this, he took it anyway to honor Chopper's efforts since he was already dying regardless. Horrified, Chopper dashed to the castle, where Hiriluk was already consigned to his fate. However, before dying, he gave a speech about how a person never truly dies unless they're completely forgotten and vowed that his legacy will live on. After giving a toast to his life and thanking Chopper, he committed suicide by drinking an explosive elixir. Chopper arrived not long after the explosion and, in grief and rage, nearly attacked Wapol when he laughed at Hiriluk's death. Dalton stopped him and calmed him down enough to get him to leave before turning on Wapol and trying to attack him, only to fail and be thrown in the dungeon for his actions. Meanwhile, Kureha honored Hiriluk's requests and took Chopper in to teach him how to be a true doctor. Back down in the village, Vivi, Usopp, and the villagers are trying desperately to find Dalton, who was buried in the avalanche caused by the Laphans. When they do find him, the combination of his injuries and encroaching frostbite from being left in the snow for so long have left him at death's door, and there are no doctors present to help save him... until Wapol's 20 MDs arrive, begging the townspeople to let them help. Vivi is suspicious of the MDs since they are Wapol's men, but the MDs explain that they had a collective Heel–Face Turn after witnessing Hiriluk's death and were searching for a means to truly break free from Wapol and return to practicing medicine for all. The townsfolk agree to allow the MDs to treat Dalton, and thanks to their skill they stabilize and revive him. Despite being gravely injured and in no condition for anything strenuous, Dalton insists on going to Drum Castle to stop Wapol, as he doesn't want to risk Luffy and the others facing him alone (despite Vivi and Usopp insisting Luffy can handle himself). On the ride up the mountain, Dalton and Vivi have a chat and finally recall where they've seen each other before: when Vivi was 10, she accompanied her father to the Reverie, a meeting of various nobles to discuss the troubles facing their countries. Wapol, angry that Vivi's father had made a fool of him during the meeting, decided to pick on Vivi to vent his anger, but the young princess didn't rise to the bait and politely deflected Wapol's antagonism. Dalton, still in the role of Wapol's captain, was impressed by the princess' maturity, and now years later reassures Vivi that she'll be a great leader for her people. Meanwhile, Wapol and his men have reached Drum Castle, with Kureha, Sanji, and Chopper stepping up to stop him. Wapol is furious at the state of disrepair his castle is in, and begins to show off just what the Munch-Munch Fruit can do: not only can he eat anything, the Devil Fruit allows him to morph his body to take on attributes of things he had eaten recently (morphing his hands into the cannons he ate for breakfast, for example), and he can combine two elements he's eaten together to form a third object, which he demonstrates by eating Chess and Kuromarimo before spitting them back out as a four-armed hybrid named Chessmarimo. Sanji steps up to fight the combination, but Kureha pulls him back before he can get stuck in; Sanji suffered a hairline fracture of his spine in the avalanche, and too much strain will break his back and permanently cripple him. Confident in his victory, Wapol decides to start his renewed reign by blowing Hiriluk's Jolly Roger off the top of the castle where Chopper had hung it as a sign of respect. Luffy, however, intercepts the shot and saves the flag, angrily calling out Wapol for disrespecting the message of the Jolly Roger. Luffy comes down to fight Wapol, but that still leaves Chessmarimo unattended. Chopper states he'll take care of Chessmarimo, which the fusion laughs at. They are familiar with the fighting styles of Zoan Devil Fruit users like Chopper and Dalton, and so know they can outlast Chopper's three forms without much difficulty. Chopper says he'll take the two down in three minutes before eating a small ball, and in the ensuing fight he's shown to take on forms that are hybrids or enhanced versions of his normal forms. The shocked Chessmarimo asks why he seems to have more than three forms, and Chopper explains the ball he ate was a Rumble Ball, a drug he cooked up for himself that allows him access to seven different Zoan "points" for three minutes. Chessmarimo tries to attack again, but Chopper used that time to analyze the fusion's weaknesses and lands a knockout blow just as the Rumble Ball wears off. Luffy is beyond impressed... so impressed that he completely ignored Wapol and allowed the tyrant to sneak back into his palace. Wapol goes in search of his arsenal, but on the way he sees Nami (having recovered enough of her strength to get out of bed). Wapol attacks Nami for trespassing, but Nami goes down a flight of stairs too narrow for Wapol to enter. No matter- Wapol eats himself and uses his Devil Fruit to rebuild himself in a Lean and Mean form. He chases Nami to the arsenal, declaring his intent to go and eat all the weapons inside and return with so many guns that even Luffy's Gum-Gum Fruit will be overwhelmed. Unfortunately for him, Nami stole his keys while he was monologing, and now Luffy has caught up with the intent to finish the beating he started. Panicking, Wapol runs deeper into the castle before coming across his ultimate weapon: a massive Gatling cannon that he trains square on Luffy's head. Wapol pulls the trigger... and nothing happens: too much exposure to the elements and roosting birds have left the cannon as nothing more than a hunk of useless metal, and once again Wapol is at Luffy's mercy. Luffy knocks Wapol into the ceiling, getting him stuck before hitting him with a Megaton Punch , launching Wapol far into the distance. Dalton and the others finally arrive, and are surprised to see Luffy has taken care of Wapol and his goons. Some of the villagers freak out at seeing Chopper, but Luffy is quick to come to Chopper's defense and gets the townsfolk to apologize for treating Chopper so poorly. As Kureha treats everyone's wounds, she gives Nami her bill: continued bed-rest and her pick of the loot aboard the Going Merry . Nami is outraged and instead haggles with the old doctor for the key to the arsenal, ensuring Kureha won't get any of her treasure. Meanwhile, Luffy once again offers Chopper a chance to join his crew, but Chopper is still unsure because of his home on Drum Island. A bit more badgering finally convinces Chopper to go with them, but when he tells this to Kureha she (seemingly) drives him off in a rage. As Chopper takes the other Straw Hats down the mountain in his sleigh, Kureha has the villagers prep the cannons from the arsenal before revealing Hiriluk's final request: the chemical he had been working on for so long produced pink dust that will bond with and dye falling snow, turning the snow pink like the cherry blossoms that had given him new purpose in his youth. The cannons fire as the Straw Hats prepare to leave, Chopper tearing up at the "blossom" that are his mentor's legacy. Kureha and Dalton chat back at the castle when Dalton remembers he forgot something: a week or so before the Straw Hats showed up, a mysterious man arrived in town and asked if Luffy was there. Dalton told him no, to which the man replied that when Luffy did show up he had a message- he'd be in Alabasta for ten days and hoped to catch up soon. As the man turns to leave, Dalton asks what his name is, to which the man introduces himself as "Ace" before disappearing. (To be continued)

One Piece – Jaya Arc
Just as Robin has succeeded in winning over everyone from the crew (except for Zoro) to her presence, they notice pieces of wood raining down on them; just then, a ship falls from the sky, upside-down, and sinks into the ocean nearby. Nami also sees that the Log Pose is now pointing up towards the sky. She wonders if it's broken, but Robin assures her that, no matter what else is wrong in the seas, being able to trust the Log Pose is an iron-clad rule. She then mentions that she's heard rumors of an island in the sky that could have caused the Log Pose to change, but doesn't know any details about how to get there. The crew decides to explore the sunken ship to try to find more information, sending the Monster Trio down to the wreckage in special diving suits that Usopp made. Shortly after they've submerged, a much-larger pirate ship, led by the very monkey-like Masira, shows up. After Masira explains that his pirate crew is a professional group of salvagers, and that this is their territory, the remaining four Straw Hats on the ship do their best to conceal the fact that they've sent divers down themselves in order to avoid getting into a fight with the Masira pirates. Masira and crew begin to raise the ship out of the water, and Masira encounters the Monster Trio, who have found little of value. The newly-raised ship is eaten by a turtle, but then spat back out; Masira ends up on the Going Merry , which gets separated from his own ship, and the Monster Trio angrily kicks him off the Merry (literally) and into the water before sailing away. Luffy, Zoro, and Sanji empty the bags of stuff they brought up, which is mostly worthless due to rust from old age, but Luffy has struck gold (so to speak) by finding a map of Skypeia, a country in the sky. Luffy is eager to go, but the others point out that they have no idea how to actually get there; however, Robin reveals that she stole an Eternal Pose to the nearby Jaya Island from Masira's ship (just in case), so the crew goes there in the hopes of obtaining more information. After arriving on the island, Luffy and Zoro leave to explore the town; Nami, knowing that the two are almost certain to get into a fight if they go alone, tags along with them. Sanji wants to go with her, but Chopper and Usopp beg him to stay in case someone attacks the ship. They then notice that Robin is gone, too. In town, Luffy, Zoro, and Nami come across quite a few violent vagabonds, and Nami, despite making Zoro and Luffy promise not to fight anyone (not wanting to be kicked out of town before finding the information they need), has a difficult time keeping them to it. The trio finally manages to reach a nice hotel outside the downtown area, but are almost immediately forced to leave, since the hotel is being rented out to the Bellamy pirates (whose captain has a 55 million Berry bounty and was seen earlier killing a guy who was beating him at cards). Some of Bellamy's crew members show up and rudely demand that the three of them leave; they comply, but are pissed off. After they leave, one of Bellamy's crew recognizes Luffy from his (now outdated) 30 million Berry Wanted poster, and decides to tell Bellamy about it. Luffy, Zoro, and Nami head to a bar downtown, where they meet a man who immediately further annoys Luffy (and the feeling is mutual) by liking the bar's cherry pies that Luffy hates, and hating the drink that Luffy loves. They get into a brief, childish competition before the man leaves. Shortly after, Bellamy arrives looking for Luffy (having learned of his bounty), and pretends to play nice with him before attacking him. Luffy and Zoro both prepare to fight him, so Nami quickly tries to get the information they need from the bartender before the fight starts; however, when she asks him about Sky Island, all of the bar's other patrons begin to laugh at her (much to her embarrassment), saying that Sky Island is just a ridiculous myth and those who believe it exists are idiots. Bellamy then goes further, stating that pirates who journey to follow their dreams are pathetic, and that in the "New Era" of pirates, those who journey to find treasure will be the ones to come out on top. Nami, livid, releases Luffy and Zoro from the promise and encourages them to fight Bellamy, only to find that, to her dismay, neither of them has any desire to fight back anymore. note Though not explained until later, and not spelled out in detail, the reason for this is that Luffy and Zoro both realize (though Nami does not) that someone with a mindset like Bellamy's is to be pitied, and that there is absolutely no satisfaction to be gained by fighting him; this "not worth it" attitude mirrors that of Shanks from the very first chapter of the manga. Both of them take a beating from Bellamy and his pirates, who offer to "buy" Nami off of them on top of that; Nami just responds with cold refusal before leaving with the guys. Outside the bar, they meet the man from earlier, who assures Nami that Luffy and Zoro "won that fight" with the Bellamy pirates, and adds that Sky Island exists, the "New Age" Bellamy was talking about is bullshit, and men must continue to follow their dreams no matter what. Despite his words, Nami is still very angry when they get back to the Merry , demanding to know why Luffy and Zoro didn't fight, but they are merely perplexed by her attitude. Robin then comes back, revealing that she not only got provisions for the crew, but also found the information they were looking for, as well as a map of Jaya Island; on the other side of the island lives a man named Montblanc Cricket, who supposedly can tell them what they need to know about Sky Island, so the crew sets sail. Along the way, they run into the also-very-monkey-like Shoujou, Masira's sworn brother, whose crew of pirates rules the territory surrounding Jaya; when Shoujou learns of what the Straw Hats did to his brother, he tries to attack them using high-powered sonar abilities, but this just ends up doing more damage to his own ship than to the Merry , and the Straw Hats escape successfully. Soon after they leave, Bellamy overhears a man in the bar telling his table about Robin's inquiries, who assumed that she simply wanted the gold that Cricket supposedly possesses. Upon hearing this, Bellamy decides to go visit Cricket as well to steal the gold for himself. When the Straw Hats arrive at Cricket's home, he initially attacks them, but quickly collapses due to pressure sickness caused by improperly diving too often. While Chopper cares for him, Nami finds a book about someone called "Noland the Liar", a classic kids' story from North Blue, which details the life of a man from over 400 years ago. According to the story, Montblanc Noland (who, like Usopp, had a reputation as a perpetual liar) found treasure on Jaya Island, but when the king of Noland's country came there searching for it, they found nothing, and put Noland to death for his lies; Noland then claimed that the part of the island that contained the treasure must have sunk below the ocean, but no one believed him. Cricket wakes up, and once he realizes that the Straw Hats are not there to steal his gold as he initially thought, he befriends them. Masira and Shoujou also show up and are revealed to be friends of Cricket's, and Luffy manages to make friends with them as well. Cricket initially scorns the crew's efforts to travel to Sky Island, but once he realizes that they are truly serious in their desire to find it, he reveals that he himself has been diving to try to find the treasure and the rest of the "sunken island", since he has been ridiculed all his life due to being Noland's descendant and thus wants to finish Noland's business himself. He, Masira, and Shoujou, all of whom have taken a liking to the Straw Hats (especially Luffy) resolve to help them reach Sky Island. While the group is partying that evening, Cricket shows them the gold he's managed to find so far: three bell-shaped ingots and a golden statue of the island's native Southbird. He then tells them of his plan to get them to Sky Island; five times a month in the general area, the sky turns dark and a superheated current of water from below the ocean floor bursts to the surface and up into the clouds in a huge jet; if the Straw Hats can ride one of these jets into the sky, they can reach Sky Island. He is expecting the next jet to occur the following day due south of the island, and thus, he sends the crew into the nearby woods to find a Southbird, which possess both unique bird calls that make them easy to identify and a strong sense of direction that causes their heads to always point to the south; this will ensure that they head in the right direction the next day to catch the stream. In the meantime, he, Masira, Shoujou, and their crews plan to fix up the Going Merry to ensure that the ship will be in good enough shape to make the difficult trip. Unfortunately, not too long after the Straw Hats head into the woods, the Bellamy pirates attack, and Bellamy single-handedly beats up Cricket, Masira, and Shoujou quite badly before stealing Cricket's gold. After some struggles in the forest due to numerous insect attacks, the Straw Hats are finally able to capture a Southbird thanks to Robin's powers. However, when they get back to Cricket's home and find their new friends beaten bloody, Luffy is furious ; after Zoro finds Bellamy's jolly roger drawn nearby, Luffy resolves to go find Bellamy and get Cricket's treasure back for him (despite protests from Cricket himself) while the rest of the crew stays behind to help repair the Merry . Back in town, a drunken member of Bellamy's crew sees a new batch of Wanted posters arrive, and upon seeing Luffy's and Zoro's new bounties of 100 million and 60 million Berries, respectively, immediately rushes to the bar to warn his captain. Bellamy just laughs it off, convinced the posters are fake, but Luffy shows up and challenges him, proceeding to defeat him easily in one punch, to the terror of the onlookers. Luffy takes Cricket's treasure back and heads back to his crew, arriving slightly (but not irreparably) late, and returns it to him before thanking him for the help and bidding him farewell, promising to find Sky Island for him. The Straw Hats set off towards the expected location of the jet eruption on the newly refurbished Going Merry , accompanied by the Shoujou and Masira pirates. Elsewhere, other powerful entities around the world have begun to take action. Portgas D. Ace, Luffy's brother, accidentally ends up on the pirate ship of Buggy the Clown and "Iron Mace" Alvida after being attracted to the scent of their food. Buggy's crewmates suggest attacking him, but when Buggy sees that he's a member of the Whitebeard Pirates, he refuses to do so for fear of incurring Whitebeard's wrath. When Ace hears they're looking for Luffy, he offers to help them find him, not knowing that they want to attack Luffy. They, in turn, do not realize that Ace is Luffy's brother, and invite him to party with them, which he happily accepts. At Navy Headquarters, the World Government has received word that one of the Four Emperors (Shanks) has contacted another (Edward Newgate, a.k.a. Whitebeard himself, Ace's captain and the most powerful man in the world), which deeply concerns them due to the enormous levels of strength and influence both of them hold. A messenger from Shanks arrives on Whitebeard's ship to deliver an important letter, but to his dismay, Whitebeard dismissively tears it up and tells the messenger to have Shanks come speak with him in person; when Shanks learns of this, he laughs it off, figuring that Whitebeard would react that way, and leaves with his crew to do just that, while remaining unconcerned about the actions that the government may take. The World Government is also worried about the instability that will be caused by the gap left by Crocodile among the Seven Warlords of the Sea (Shichibukai), so Fleet Admiral Sengoku calls a meeting of the remaining six members to discuss the situation, despite not expecting very many of them to actually show up. Sure enough, the initial count is only two of them—whose names are Bartholomew Kuma and Donquixote Doflamingo—but unexpectedly, a third member arrives: Dracule Mihawk, whose initial interest was piqued when he learned of the bounties on Monkey D. Luffy and Roronoa Zoro, two of the pirates who will be discussed at the meeting and in whom Mihawk has taken a personal interest. Another unexpected guest shows up: a pirate named Lafitte, who has come to nominate his captain, "Blackbeard" Marshall D. Teach (the former Whitebeard pirate who attacked Drum Kingdom and whom Ace is hunting) for the now-open position of Warlord of the Sea. Back on Jaya, the previously-unknown man whom Luffy, Zoro, and Nami met earlier is revealed to be Blackbeard, and several other people they met from around town are actually his other crew members; once Blackbeard learns of Luffy's new bounty, he decides to chase after and capture him, since he figures that defeating a pirate worth at least 100 million Berries and turning him/her in to the government would be enough to win him the position of Warlord of the Sea. He and his men, remembering Luffy's plans to go to Sky Island, leave Jaya in pursuit of the Straw Hats. Meanwhile, the Straw Hats and the Shoujou and Masira pirates successfully reach the correct area of the sea and find the giant whirlpool they're expecting, from which the current will erupt. Despite protests from Usopp and Nami, Luffy boldly sails towards the center of the whirlpool, only for the seas to suddenly go calm once they reach it; however, Nami correctly predicts that the jet is moments away from erupting. Blackbeard and co. show up to capture Luffy, and the Straw Hats finally learn of the new bounties on Luffy and Zoro; Usopp seems appreciative, Sanji is upset at not having a bounty as well, Nami is chagrined, and naturally, Luffy and Zoro are thrilled (though Zoro also jokes that he wishes his were higher), to Nami's annoyance. Before Blackbeard and his crew can attack, the jet finally erupts, carrying the Going Merry into the sky; though it initially appears that the ship may "lose its footing" and crash back down into the sea, Nami is able to use her navigational skills to get them through it, and the crew successfully reaches the sea in the sky, with Cricket watching from a distance, the Masira and Shoujou pirates cheering them on, and Blackbeard good-naturedly admitting that Luffy and crew got away while still planning on capturing him sometime in the future.

One Piece – Water Seven Arc
The arc begins with a close encounter with the Sea Train, a train with tracks just under the water that connects nearby islands, as well as a large frog named Yokozuna that always tests its strength by running in front of it. The flag stop is manned by the perpetually-drunk Kokoro and her grandaughter, Chimney, who tells about the nearby islands of the area, including Water 7, a beautiful Venice -like city of canals where the world's best shipwrights, Galley-La Company, operates. Upon landing, Nami, Usopp, and Luffy exchange their gold for 300 million Berries with the intent of getting the Going Merry repaired. Led by the brilliant Iceberg (and mayor of Water 7) and his Sexy Secretary Kalifa, the shipwrights are quirky characters, with Kaku, who can jump and soar through the air (and a nose similar to Usopp, but square-shaped), the burly Tilestone, Rob Lucci, a ventriloquist who speaks through a pigeon, cigar-chomping Paulie, who fights using ropes and knots, and Peepley Lulu (who looks a lot like Freddie Mercury ). Unfortunately, Kaku finds that the keel of the ship is beyond repair. The shipwrights say that the ship won't survive the next trip and will likely break down, and they can't make the same ship from scratch as it won't be the same to the crew. Their suggestion: Decommission the Going Merry and find a new ship. What's more, Usopp gets mugged by a gang of ship demolitionists and thieves, the Franky Family, causing them to lose two-thirds of the money. In retaliation, Sanji, Zoro, Luffy, and Chopper destroy their hideout and beat up the Franky Family, but their boss, Franky, has already taken the money and left. Usopp, distraught about being much weaker than the rest of the crew, reaches his breaking point when Luffy announces that he will get a new ship and the reasons why. The two argue with Usopp refusing to listen before he challenges Luffy to a duel he knows deep down he won't win. Usopp uses every trick he has but is defated and left on an abandoned Going Merry while Luffy, Zoro, Nami, Sanji, and Chopper vacate the premises. Meanwhile, Robin disappears on the first day shortly after passing a man in a mask and cloak (who says " CP9 ") while out shopping with Chopper, and does not appear by nightfall. The next morning, there is news that Iceberg was shot by assassins in his own home. The shipwrights (and by extension the rest of the city) cannot figure out who would want to hurt Iceberg. When Paulie suggests that the government might be behind it (as some officials had been visiting Iceberg about something as recently as the day before and he had been turning them away each time), Kaku rebukes him and suggests it may be pirates instead. Indeed, when Iceberg wakes up, he identifies Nico Robin as one of the attackers, and by extension, the Straw Hats. Luffy and Nami, unaware of Robin's involvement, try to meet Iceberg, but are stopped by Franky himself, a Speedo-wearing cyborg who can shoot fire, accompanied by his cheerleaders, the "Square Sisters" Mozu and Kiwi. The fight is interrupted by the shipwrights, who are fully convinced Luffy and the others are behind the attack. Franky, angry that the shipwrights are taking his prey , destroys the shipbuilding yard, with Luffy and Nami escaping in the confusion. Despite Luffy now a wanted man throughout Water 7, Luffy still tries to seek out Iceberg anyway. At Iceberg's request, Kalifa lets Luffy in and distracts the mob. Iceberg confirms himself to Luffy that Robin was one of the attackers and demands to see her personally. Meanwhile, Franky goes to Blueno's Bar where it is revealed (unbeknownst to the Straw Hats) that Kokoro and Franky are acquainted, where Kokoro shares her own theory on the assassination attempt—a shadowy government organization called Cipher Pol No. 9, which Franky doubts even exists (officially, it only goes up to CP 8 )...though the next scene shows that CP9 does in fact exist and Robin is working with them, somehow. As Luffy and Nami are on the run, Zoro, the only other Straw Hat with a bounty, evades the employees from Galley-La. Usopp gets suspicious as to why people are at the Going Merry, while Sanji and Chopper (who don't have bounties and aren't recognizable as Straw Hats) start wondering why there's a single departure headed to Enies Lobby late in the night, despite the fact that a legendary annual typhoon, Aqua Laguna, is coming and will flood Water 7. Eventually, Sanji and Chopper find Robin, who apologizes that the Straw Hats are blamed for the attempted assassination but announces her departure from the Straw Hats. She confirms that she was there at Iceberg's house that night and walks away. Sanji instructs Chopper to go find the others and tell them what happened. As Chopper rendezvouses with Nami, Luffy, and Zoro, Usopp is out trying to buy lumber and tools himself in a futile attempt to fix the Going Merry single-handedly. Zoro figures that Robin is probably planning to finish the job, but if the Straw Hats are anywhere near the scene, they'll be pinned for the crime. Because Robin was seen with a mysterious masked man, they're not sure if she's being forced to do so or if Aojiki was right about Robin and her Chronic Backstabbing Disorder . Luffy makes the decision that either way, the four of them must capture Robin themselves. As night begins to fall, the shipwrights call off the search and defend the Galley-La Company, with Paulie, Kaku, Lucci, Lulu, and Tilestone guarding the door to Iceberg's bedroom. The streets of Water 7 are abandoned thanks to the citizenry fleeing from the upcoming Aqua Laguna, but Franky is ready for round two of their fight, and decides to kidnap Usopp in an attempt to bring Luffy out of hiding. Iceberg tells Paulie of a hidden safe in his office, but approaching the heavily-guarded Galley-La complex, an explosion breaks out, and Robin (with a cloak and just a Domino Mask ) with the mysterious masked man (wearing a bear mask) go into action. With the explosion, Lulu and Tilestone run off towards the commotion, leaving Kaku and Lucci to guard the door. A third masked assassin attacks the employees with a spiked whip; meanwhile, Chopper, Nami, and Zoro find that Luffy has run off without telling them. As Paulie finds the safe's contents, two more masked men (in a bull mask and a skull mask) announce them selves as Cipher Pol No. 9, an elite intelligence agency, and having defeated a string of employees, decides that Paulie knows too much . Robin and the first masked man infiltrate Iceberg's bedroom and bypass the guarded main door through the man's Door-Door Fruit (basically allows him to go through walls), where the masked man reveals that they're looking for a blueprint to some sort of ship, which Paulie found. It turns out that Luffy got stuck between some buildings, which is why he wasn't there when Chopper, Luffy, and Zoro went after him. With Bear Mask shown to use his power to defeat even the massive Tilestone (having already defeated Kaku and Lucci), Iceberg tells Robin that she is the only one that can read Poneglyphs, which is considered a high crime by the government and the real reason she has had a bounty since age 8. Iceberg reveals that what Pluton, the superweapon first alluded to back in the Alabasta arc, is the name of a battleship built on Water 7 many years ago, and that's what Iceberg had been hiding from the government. He also refers to his predecessor Tom, was concerned about a girl who escaped from the "Ohara Incident" twenty years ago. In the other room, Paulie has been shot by Bull Mask and Skull Mask but reveals the plans are a fake, and that he doesn't know that yet. Bull Mask and Skull Mask restrain Luffy and Paulie with metal bars that are part of their Devil Fruit powers and make their escape. Gathered in Iceberg's room, CP9 reveal themselves. Bull Mask is Lucci, Skull Mask is Kaku (their beat-up selves in the hallway were defeated others that were dressed up as Kaku and Lucci), the masked person with the spiked whip is Kalifa, and Bear Mask is the bartender, Blueno. Suspicious that Iceberg may never had control of the plans to begin with, Lucci has Kaku check his pulse to find if he was lying about having control of the plans, citing the fake's signatures of Tom, Iceberg, and Cutty Flam, of "Tom's Workers". Cutty Flam was Tom's other disciple, who supposedly died in an accident eight years prior. Lucci reveals (and confirms with Iceberg's quickening pulse) that Cutty Flam somehow survived and changed his name to Franky. CP9 resolves to go find Franky and leave Iceberg alone, just before Luffy, Zoro, Nami, Paulie, and Chopper burst into the room, who are shocked to find the Awful Truth about what half of Iceberg's inner circle was up to ( especially Paulie). Robin reveals that she has some sort of ulterior motive herself that was incompatible with being part of the Straw Hats. CP9 are incredible fighters and are basically able to No-Sell both Luffy and Zoro. They reveal that the building is rigged to burn down, but not before Lucci reveals his ace in the hole to the Straw Hats, the Cat-Cat Fruit: Leopard Model. Lucci's Tempest Kick causes the building to partially collapse while CP9 makes their escape to look for Franky. Paulie and Iceberg are tied up and left to die in the flaming wreckage, Zoro and Luffy were defeated and thrown out the window, Chopper sacrifices himself to save Nami and gets trapped under the rubble. Nami is also thrown out of the window, but much closer to the building, leaving the foreman to suspect that she was involved in the fire.Meanwhile, at a hidden dock where Usopp and the Going Merry are kept (high and safe from Aqua Laguna), Franky (accompanied by Mozu and Kiwi, as always) bonds with Usopp, admiring his dedication to the ship and telling him a bit about Water 7 and the Sea Train, which was created by Tom about a decade prior. Franky asks what Usopp wants to do with the Going Merry (ultimately return to the East Blue) and tells him that the same thing Galley-La said...the Going Merry is beyond repair and can only be demolished (justifying himself by telling Usopp the Going Merry cannot reach even the next shore, much less the East Blue), and starts breaking apart the ship himself. When Usopp tries to fight back, Franky throws him underwater and forces him see the extensive keel damage for the first time himself.Usopp breaks down and tells Franky he knew deep down the Merry was unsalvagable, but confirming to himself that he really did see someone that night at Skypeia's Upper Yard repairing the ship...and reveals for the first time that the person talked to him, telling him not to worry and "I'll carry you guys for a little bit longer". Franky tells him that Usopp saw a Klabautermann, a legendary fairy that lives on well-loved and well-cared for ships. The doorbell rings, with Franky thinking its the Franky Family with Luffy. This is not the case, as CP9 was fleeing the scene, they happened to come across the Franky Family, trying to get the message out that Usopp has been captured, and interrogated them for where Franky is.It turns out that the dock is the office of Tom's Workers, where Franky/Cutty Flam and Iceberg grew up under the apprenticeship of Tom, a Fishman. Franky protests that the plans are not there and they shouldn't destroy the office looking for it. Kalifa restrains Franky with her spiked whip as a flashback explains the history of Tom, Iceberg, and Franky.Some 22 years ago, Iceberg, Tom, and Franky worked together building ships. Other employees included a younger Kokoro and Yokozuna. Tom speaks of the town's troubles, that problems resulting from the Great Pirate Era has ultimately led to a shortage of customers for Water 7 and eventually the town will sink into the sea. One night, Tom tells Franky that he's designing a ship that will "save Water 7". However, the next day, the Marines arrive and arrest Tom. The charge is that because he built the recently-executed Gold (Gol D.) Roger's ship, he is considered to have aided and abetted him, and will be taken to Enies Lobby to be executed. At the court, Tom reveals his plans for the Sea Train. Intrigued by the plan and with a request to connect it to Enies Lobby, Tom is paroled on the condition he build it.After ten years and Water 7 now in deep decline, the sea train Puffing Tom has its first successful run, and while the economy hasn't picked up due to trading issues, the population is no longer demoralized and Tom's acquittal by the World Government is a certainty. However, he is visited by an ambitious Cipher Pol No. 5 agent, Spandam, who is sure that Tom has the blueprints to a dangerous battleship that would be a problem if it fell into the wrong hands. One night, he shows them to Franky and Iceberg and explains the situation. Franky, who likes building battleships (now up to "Battle Franky No. 35", able to kill a Sea King) of his own (much to Iceberg's annoyance, as he thinks that they're too dangerous and could attract attention), thinks that it should be built, but Iceberg explains the situation. On the day of the trial, even the judge is impressed with the Sea Train and readys Tom's acquittal, but a fleet of Franky's ships attack the ship where the trial is to be held. Tom and Iceberg attempt to meet the fleet where the ships are returning to the scrap heap where Tom's Workers is located, but they are injured by Spandam's other fleet where the Battle Franky ships are destroyed. Iceberg figures out that this is a trap by Spandam to persecute Tom anyway and blames Franky for his incompetence and foolishness by building and leaving out the battleships. Spandam arrives and arrests Tom, Iceberg, and Franky, intending to hold them for the trial of attacking the judicial ship. When Iceberg blames Spandam and denounces the "Battle Franky" fleet, Tom punches Franky hard enough that he flies into the wall. Tom declares that he still built those ships, whether they were used for good or evil, and should not ever denounce his own creations. Knowing that the government both set him up and is putting him on trial, Tom attacks Spandam in retaliation for Franky's guilt. Tom makes a deal with the judge—the Sea Train counts for the acquittal of Tom, Franky, and Iceberg, while accepting the death penalty for assisting the King of the Pirates. As Kokoro tearfully explains to Franky, Iceberg, and Yokozuna, no one has ever returned from Enies Lobby. Unable to hear it, Franky attacks Spandam, causing even more injuries to his face and body. Franky makes a run for it. Later, he chases down the Sea Train with a large handheld cannon, and attempts to shoot the train from the front to no avail. He is then seemingly killed by the Sea Train. Back in the present, Lucci explains that the charges for Franky/Cutty Flam were annulled due to his death, but since he is still blamed for the incident, he will be taken to Enies Lobby. Blueno uses a Transponder Snail to connect to their boss: Spandam. CP9 takes Franky away but Usopp attempts to stop them (for one second); unfortunately, Kaku recognizes him, releases the Going Merry to her apparent doom, and apprehends Usopp, as even though he is no longer a Straw Hat and doesn't even carry a bounty, he's still a pirate. Back at the fire, Chopper manages to escape from the rubble and rescues Paulie and Iceberg, but collapses from his injuries. Nami and Iceberg regain consciousness, and requests to talk to Nami alone. Iceberg apologizes for suspecting the Straw Hats and explains what happened in the room with just him and Nico Robin. Nico Robin was forced to team up with CP9 to prevent a "Buster Call", a rare and inescapable call where top Marine admirals are called in to execute criminals on the Straw Hats. The "ulterior motive" as listed above was that the other six Straw Hats could safely leave the island, because they were the only group of people that she was allied with that cared about her and weren't going to betray her. Iceberg's main issue with her was that her desire to read the Poneglyphs and discover the "real history" could still inadvertently hurt people, much how Franky's ships led to the trouble all those years ago. Nami is re-invigorated and overjoyed that Robin is still on their side, and wakes Chopper up. Meanwhile, Sanji, having run off on his own secret mission, figured out the unusual departure was for CP9 , and that Robin was probably coerced into doing the government's bidding. He also spies CP9 (who he doesn't recognize) bringing in Franky and Usopp. Paulie recovers, attests for the Straw Hats' innocence, and asks the workers to assist Chopper and Nami in finding Zoro, Luffy, and Sanji. (He leaves out the parts about Kaku and Lucci, lying and saying they weren't there and that he didn't know the masked men). They don't have much time, after the Sea Train leaves at 11pm, service won't be restored until after Aqua Laguna, and Enies Lobby is off-limits to the general public. However, the train leaves early due to the inclement weather.Paulie and Nami arrive just after the train has left the station, and Nami demands a ship to borrow to go after Robin. Paulie refuses, citing the Aqua Laguna storm surge, and narrowly saves Nami (plus two railway employees forbidden from watching the passengers board) from the flood. However, Paulie notices the departures board was ripped in half, which indicates Aqua Laguna this year is far, far stronger than usual.A letter left by Sanji reads that he boarded the train himself (and Franky and Usopp are also aboard), as well as a Transponder Snail, with a promise that he'll call when he finds the train's snail. As Nami, Chopper, and the rest of the foremen resume their search for Zoro and Luffy. Chimney and Kokoro are watching from above, with Chimney noticing "something stuck between two buildings"—Luffy, to which Nami rushes off. However, the tide has ebbed so much that Water 7 and the water around it have dried up, meaning an unbelievably powerful flow will go back in. Still, Nami goes off to rescue him, despite warnings from the foremen and Kokoro that the backstreets are too dangerous. Meanwhile, Chopper spies Zoro, who got himself stuck upside-down in a chimney, and goes off to save him too.Gaining a second wind by Nami telling him that Robin didn't betray them after all, Luffy breaks out by breaking the buildings between them, and Zoro slicing through the chimney. Even with Paulie's help, they barely make it back. Paulie and Nami arrive just after the train has left the station, and Nami demands a ship to borrow to go after Robin. Paulie refuses, citing the Aqua Laguna storm surge, and narrowly saves Nami (plus two railway employees forbidden from watching the passengers board) from the flood. However, Paulie notices the departures board was ripped in half, which indicates Aqua Laguna this year is far, far stronger than usual.A letter left by Sanji reads that he boarded the train himself (and Franky and Usopp are also aboard), as well as a Transponder Snail, with a promise that he'll call when he finds the train's snail. In the train, the more powerful people are placed in cars closer to the engine, but Sanji handily beats the government agents in the last car, including the very tall Jerry.Meanwhile, Nami, Chopper, and the rest of the foremen resume their search for Zoro and Luffy. Chimney and Kokoro are watching from above, with Chimney noticing "something stuck between two buildings"—Luffy, to which Nami rushes off. However, the tide has ebbed so much that Water 7 and the water around it have dried up, meaning an unbelievably powerful flow will go back in. Still, Nami goes off to rescue him, despite warnings from the foremen and Kokoro that the backstreets are too dangerous. Meanwhile, Chopper spies Zoro, who got himself stuck upside-down in a chimney, and goes off to save him too.Gaining a second wind by Nami telling him that Robin didn't betray them after all, Luffy breaks out by breaking the buildings between them, and Zoro slicing through the chimney. Even with Paulie's help, they barely make it back.When Paulie insists that there's no way they can safely make it back to the island, Nami pleads with Paulie that the judicial court at Enies Lobby is a Kangaroo Court and one someone passes through the "Doors of Justice", they won't ever see the light of day again. Paulie argues that if you go after Enies Lobby, you are picking a fight with the World Government.Kokoro and Iceberg have the same plan: show the Straw Hats a long-mothballed prototype Sea Train, the Rocketman. Despite restoring it to workable condition, the Rocketman's speed can't be controlled. However, Luffy is not feeling well due to his being impaled by Lucci earlier, but luckily, Nami had thought ahead and sent the railway employees to find and gather as much meat as they can.Kokoro pilots the train, with Luffy, Nami, Zoro, and Chopper, followed by Mozu, Kiwi, and the Franky Family. A number of stowaways (Paulie, Chimney, Peepley Lulu, and Tilestone) also find their way on board. Iceberg, left alone, reflects more on the past. Kokoro, now taking up drinking in the dissolution of Tom's Workers, reports to Iceberg that Cutty Flam has died after being hit by the train. Iceberg continues to take up Tom's will, building a new company, the Galley-La Company. A younger Kalifa reports that a "Cutty Flam" is here to see him, but he turns him away, at least publicly. Franky explains that he rebuilt himself using iron scraps, though the only real visible part of that is his metal nose. Franky is angry that Iceberg builds ships for the Government, while Iceberg is still angry that it was Franky's ships that got Tom into the whole mess to begin with. Iceberg gives the blueprints to Franky, and tells him not to use the name Cutty Flam again since the Government believes Cutty Flam to be dead (unfortunately, he already gave that name to Kalifa, who was a government agent from the start).Rocketman continues to fly toward Aqua Laguna. Realizing they all have the same goal, the Straw Hats, the Franky Family, and the shipwrights make an alliance to get the train through Aqua Laguna at any cost. Unfortunately, their cannons are useless, requiring Zoro and Luffy to save the day.Back on the Puffing Tom, Sanji works his way up to the communications room (Car #6, after handily beating Car #7) and frees both Franky and Usopp, neither of whom he's on great terms with, finally making contact with Nami. Nami fills in Sanji about Robin, but Usopp is still not ready to rejoin the Straw Hats. Just as a Marine finds Sanji and Franky, a mysterious masked man named Sogeking appears who is definitely not Usopp wearing a mask and cape . Sanji guesses that this is a coping mechanism but plays along anyway. The cars further to the front are filled with more powerful agents, with CP9 in Car #2 and Robin in Car #1.Because they're vastly outnumbered, Franky, Sanji, and Sogeking engage in Guile Hero maneuvers, like sending as many Marines and agents (including Captain T-Bone, a swordsman) as possible over to Car #7 before cutting it Car #6 and #7 from the rest of the Puffing Tom. Franky shows off how he's impervious to bullets (but only from the front) in Car #5. In Car #4, the three meet Kanze, a CP7 agent and cook. He engages in battle with Sanji (and he is quite the formidable opponent). Franky engages with battle with Mr. Nero, the newest member of CP9 on the roof of Car #3 while Sogeking bypasses Car #2 entirely and makes contact with Nico Robin, informing her that Sanji and Franky are on the train, with Luffy and others on a different train following (of course, Robin isn't fooled by the disguise). Robin refuses, even after Sogeking tells her that Iceberg survived and told them everything.With the disconnected Car #6 and #7 in sight, Luffy flies over to check for Sanji and Franky (they aren't there), so Zoro slashes the cars in half, leaving the hapless Marines on what have turned into small boats floating on the ocean. Rocketman catches up Captain T-Bone, who left the disconnected cars to chase the Puffing Tom on foot, though Zoro defeats him, and he is eventually picked up by the floating cars.Going back to the Puffing Tom, Sanji beats Kanze and Franky beats Nero. Sanji walks into CP9 in Car #2 just in time for Nero and Franky to fall in. For his failure, Nero is killed by Lucci. Lucci briefly explains that Robin is dangerous and should be put to death, but also needs to be kept alive for years so the World Government can extract information from her. Sogeking and Robin emerge from Car #1, but Robin still refuses to join Sanji in getting out of there. A smoke bomb by Sogeking allows Usopp (er, Sogeking) to grab Robin and make a run for it with Sanji and Franky, disconnecting the train at Car #3. CP9 isn't willing to give up that easily, and Kalifa and Blueno (with her whips and his strength) pull the train back together. After a brief scuffle, Franky sacrifices himself and falls onto Car #2 while letting Car #3 with Robin, Sogeking, and Sanji float away. Unfortunately, by losing Robin CP9 will initiate the Buster Call...not that it's a problem since Blueno appears on Car #3 (his Door-Door power can also use air as a medium to get between places) and defeats Sanji and Sogeking. Robin leaves with Blueno, but before they leave, Blueno explains that the Buster Call can wipe out an entire island with Robin being the only survivor of it.With Robin and Franky now back in the custody of CP9 , Franky assures Robin that her existence isn't a sin as CP9 and others have said before, and Robin tells Franky that CP9 did not succeed in killing Iceberg.Yokozuna also joins up with the Straw Hats after jumping in front of the train, causing most of the Franky Family (following behind) to separate, though they rejoin with Sanji and Sogeking. Kokoro can talk to Yokozuna, and the reason why Yokozuna jumps in front of the Puffing Tom (or the Rocketman, in this case) is to be strong like how Franky was.The Franky Family and the Rocketman manage to reunite, with Luffy being "introduced" to Sogeking (everyone else of course, recognizes him as Usopp...except for Chopper). Even with their newfound allies, the Straw Hats are up against one of the most powerful bases the World Government has to offer...

One Piece – Enies Lobby Arc
11th-Hour Superpower : A rare villainous example - Spandam gives Kaku and Kalifa Devil fruits as, implicitly, a reward for all their success in Water 7. Coincidentally enough, they come in real handy once CP9 collectively realizes the Straw Hats are serious about tearing Enies Lobby apart to get Robin back. Acoustic License : Minor compared to most other fictional examples, but the iconic rooftop scene takes place over a gap so wide that the Straw Hats explicitly need a motor vehicle doing a Ramp Jump to cross it. Nevertheless, the captive Robin (and her CP9 captors) have zero problems hearing and being heard by the rest of the Straw Hats. Acrofatic : Fukurou. Act of True Love : The Straw Hats making themselves enemies of the entire world by declaring war on the World Government, just to prove to Robin that they'd never abandon her. The Going Merry , already damaged beyond repair, sails itself through a massive storm all the way from Water 7 to Enies Lobby to rescue the crew at the last minute and escape from the Marines. The Merry manages to hold itself together with some patchwork repairs and sheer force of will; once the crew are safe, she finally succumbs to the accumulated damage and breaks in half . Adaptation Expansion : Lucci's backstory, briefly mentioned in the manga is given an entire episode in the anime recounting his first mission for the World Government. All for Nothing : The CP9 spent five years infiltrating Water-7 to find Pluton's Blueprints. Spandam spent eight years seeking them, going as far as to frame the world's greatest shipwright for terrorism for a chance. Franky burns the blueprints right in front of their faces as an act of spite and rebellion. Oimo and Kashii were supposed to work for 100 years for the World Government as they believed Dorry and Broggy had been captured and were imprisoned. All of the Other Reindeer : Robin was frequently ridiculed for her Devil Fruit powers. What made this worse was when she used them in self defense against the kids who would tease her (without provocation). The kids would lie to their parents that she attacked them first, prompting them to lecture Robin. Badass Boast : Here's one that doubles as I Like Those Odds : Marine Soldier: Hey, Straw Hat Luffy? Enies Lobby's forces number at the ten thousands. Luffy: Yeah, and I'm alone. Get out of my way! Usopp makes one for the Going Merry : Usopp: This is the ship that survived a 10,000 meter fall. Don't underestimate her! Beat Them at Their Own Game : CP9 makes a game out of rescuing Robin by having keys on them, one of which is the key to her cuffs. To get it, each of the crew must beat each of them and secure a key. This was more or less meant as a distraction so Spandam can take Robin to the Gates of Justice. But each agent is defeated in the end. Berserk Button : The entire arc is the Straw Hat Pirates showing CP9 and by extension, the World Government, just how they feel about taking one of their own from them. Talking trash about Robin during a fight against Zoro? Not wise . The Giants, Oimo and Kashii when they find out they've been lied to by the Marines for fifty years about Dorry and Brogy. Kaku does not like being mocked about his new giraffe form. Beware the Silly Ones : Jabra. Despite being superstitious and silly, he's the only one willing to just take out his target as soon as they confront him. Kaku in his giraffe form. Also, Kumadori. He's constantly overdramatic and often acts like he's in a kabuki play, but he's nonetheless a skilled assassin who came very close to killing Nami and Chopper. Big Damn Heroes : Chopper saving Nami from Kumadori. Sanji saving Usopp/Sniper King from Jabra. The Going Merry — yes, the ship — coming to save the crew in the climax. Big Bad Duumvirate : Lucci and Spandam share the Arc Villain role this time out. Spandam's the one in charge, but Lucci is leagues above him in threat level. Bittersweet Ending : The Straw Hats succeed in rescuing Robin and manage to get away with the help of a returning Merry . However not long after they do, Merry's keel finally gives out and then, she breaks apart. To which the Straw Hats tearfully decide it's time to part with her, though not at least before sending her off gracefully. Break His Heart to Save Him : Robin's reason for leaving the crew, as she doesn't wish to see the crew get attacked by the Buster Call, having seen it in action first hand. The crew respond by declaring war against the World Government. Broken Bird : Robin had it rough even before the Ohara incident due to her parents leaving her with her uncle, who had a very abusive wife who would often ridicule Robin. The only solace Robin had was the band of archaeologists at Tree of Knowledge who looked after her. But then the island was attacked and things went downhill from there. Burning the Flag : When the World Government's flag is boasted before Luffy as a symbol of their might and authority over people despite their ruthlessness and corruption, Luffy orders Sniper King to set it ablaze — which he does without hesitation. With this, the Straw Hats prove to Robin that they'll protect her no matter the odds. Spandam and other Marines are shocked and state that this action is equivalent to declaring war against the entire World Government. Call-Back : One to the Little Garden Arc , when Oimo and Kashii reveal that they were in Dorry and Brogy's crew, and only work for the Marines because they tricked them into believing they've been captured. Once they find out the truth from Usopp, though ... And just like Nami, Robin was willing to leave her crewmates behind. Back in Drum Island, Luffy protected Dr. Hiriluk's flag from Wapol, who is somebody affiliated with the World Goverment. Luffy argued that any respectable pirate's flag is an invaluable symbol of their conviction. In this arc he famously declares war on the Government by burning their flag in contempt of what it represents. Chained Heat : Usopp and Zoro find themselves in this situation during their fight against two of the CP9 agents. Chekhov's Gunman : Akainu, one of the Vice Admirals, will go on to play a major role in the future arcs. Chronic Backstabbing Disorder : Inverted. Robin was getting repeatedly betrayed since the age of eight, by opportunistic assholes who only took her in to hand her over to the Marines. This is one of the reasons she doesn't initially want to be saved, as she fears the Straw Hats will eventually betray her too, just like everyone else she met since Ohara was destroyed. The Comically Serious : Kaku — which makes his fight against the Straw Hats' resident Comically Serious member, Zoro, that much more entertaining. Conservation of Ninjutsu : See Badass Boast . Let's just say they should've listened to Luffy. Later, the Marine warship for the Buster Call arrive and the crew is forced to fight hundreds of them, with dozens being at least of the rank of Captain. Despite Smoker having that rank in their previous encounters , the Straw Hats easily win. Crouching Moron, Hidden Badass : Kumadori and Fukuro. The former was still able to successfully tank Chopper's Kokutsei Roseo Mete ". The latter gave Franky a hard time, if only because Franky was running out of cola. Cue the Sun : Though in this case, it's because Enies Lobby is in a spot of the ocean where the sun always shines down on it. It's portrayed as a good thing as it means the Straw Hats are getting closer to Robin. Curb-Stomp Battle : Luffy vs Blueno, in one the most standout examples of the series. The fight starts even, but Blueno becomes a glorified punching bag when Luffy activates Gear Second. Sanji vs Kalifa as the former won't hit a girl , even an enemy, forcing Nami to take his place. Chopper's monster form pummels Kumadori into the dirt, easily powering through the Iron Body technique. The defeated CP9 agent getting casually tossed across the whole island is the insulting cherry on top. Franky vs Spandam, Franky crushes the little creep with his own sword / pet. After all the crap he put Robin, the Straw Hats, and him through, Spandam deserved it. Dangerous Forbidden Technique : Chopper eating three Rumble Balls in too short a timespan causes him to turn into a giant, super powerful monster and go on a mindless rampage. He makes quick work of Kumadori, but he would have died from overexertion if Franky and Nami didn't save him, and the exhaustion still puts him out of commission for most of the remainder of the arc. Dark and Troubled Past : Nico Robin's tragic past is revealed here. She was once part of an island of scholars called Ohara that was destroyed by the Navy for researching a Poneglyph and the Void Century. Robin survived thanks to her mother and a giant named Saul. She had been on the run ever since the World Government placed a bounty on her head and was forced to leave whomever took her in, if they didn't betray her first. Then, she became part of Baroque Works until Luffy's crew came along. Designated Girl Fight : Nami once again ultimately goes up against the sole female opponent in the arc. Partially subverted. She may have ended up with Kalifa, but she started out fighting Kumadori before several people switched opponents. Did You Just Flip Off Cthulhu? : Luffy ordering Usopp to shoot down the World Government flag, essentially declaring war on the entire world. The Dog Bites Back : Spandam takes great pleasure in beating and cruelly taunting a defenseless Robin, but as soon as she's freed from her seastone handcuffs, she uses her powers to beat the ever-living crap out of him, and later breaks his spine in half. The anime pads this out a bit by flashing back to every instance of needless cruelty toward Robin before Spandam's spine crumbles. Doomed Hometown : Ohara in Robin's flashback. Dramatic Irony : For the first half of the arc, Spandam was under the impression that the Straw Hats were wiped out hours ago without making it past the gate. When he received an emergency report, he assumed it was details on their deaths and proceeded to smugly rub it in Robin's face before answering. His reaction when he finds out in truth that the Straw Hats have reached the courthouse and that Enies Lobby is in a state of emergency is most gratifying. In Robin’s flashback, Akainu destroyed an evacuation ship on the off chance a scholar might have stowed away onboard, unaware that Robin was refused entry on the ship by the passengers. If they had allowed her to board the ship, his concerns would’ve been justified, though his response would still be extreme. Dramatic Spine Injury : Throughout the arc, Spandam gleefully abuses Robin at every single opportunity he gets. That is why, near the very end of the arc, when the Straw Hats are escaping from the Marines, Robin uses one last opportunity to use her Flower-Flower Fruit to get back at Spandam and snap his spine in two. Easily Forgiven : Zig-zagged for Franky; most of the Straw Hats bring up at least once how Usopp's breakaway in Water 7 is largely his fault (Sanji even literally kicks him while he's down for it), but they're all willing to put it aside when Franky allies with them in storming Enies Lobby. As for Uso... err, Sniper King , his "former" crew also accept his help without much complaint, but the epilogue reveals they are going to be at least a little more strict about letting him (back) onboard. Elite Mooks : The Just Eleven Jurymen. Epic Fail : Spandam attempts to communicate with his comrades on his Transponder Snail. It turns out that he's actually used the Golden Transponder Snail, which starts the Buster Call (he doesn't even know that it's on until Robin tells him so). Equippable Ally : We find out Spandam has a living sword that doubles as an elephant (Devil Fruit related, you see). Also, Zoro uses Usopp as a sword when they get chained together. Establishing Character Moment : Akainu makes his first appearance in Robin's flashback to display his ruthless brand of "justice". His first action is to blow up the ship that carried the civilians from Ohara, because of the risk that a scholar might have snuck on board. Even Evil Has Standards : Lucci was perfectly willing to massacre anyone the World Government branded an enemy, and his version of solving a hostage situation was to kill the hostages. But he was outright disgusted with Spandam beating up a restrained and defenseless Robin. Even Spandine, who's a complete jackass like his son, is horrified when Akainu destroys the ship full of Oharan civilians and their own soldiers. Exact Words : One of Spandam's many Kick the Dog moments to Robin - he states that he was fully intending to uphold his end of the bargain to let the rest of the Straw Hats leave Water 7 alive, but promptly gloats about having Enies Lobby arrest and ship them to Impel Down as soon as they come within sight. Objectively, though, this isn't really a betrayal of the terms : the Straw Hats invaded Enies Lobby of their own free will, explicitly to rescue Robin , something even the best-faith government official can't exactly just stand there and allow. Fanservice : The Nami / Kalifa fight is rife with it thanks to the latter using soap and bubbles. Fartillery : Franky's Coup de Boo. Flashback : Robin tells her past to the Straw Hats, and the story goes back 20 years. We see the previous director of CP9 , who was revealed to be Spandam's father, Aokiji when he was still known as Vice-Admiral Kuzan, Robin's mother Nico Olvia, and Robin's Giant friend. Another one in the anime: A Marine Vice-Admiral recounts Lucci's backstory in an incident when he was dispatched by the World Government at 13-years-old to put an end to a crisis in a kingdom attacked by pirates and taking 500 of its soldiers hostage. Lucci resolved it by killing all the hostages and the pirate captain . Foreshadowing : Luffy tells Blueno that his fight with Admiral Aokiji made him realise that he has to get stronger whatever the cost to protect the crew, or he'll lose them all. Words that indeed come back to haunt him later on . When Lucci figures out what Luffy does to use Gear Second, he concludes that he's cutting years of his life away just for that technique, Luffy responds that it's better than losing people he cares about in front of him. Needless to say, Luffy lives up to those words later on. In the arc, Luffy twice foreshadows Gear Third before the fight with Lucci: Firstly in the battle with Blueno, and its destructive capabilities (and drawbacks) when he uses it and makes half of the damaged Tower of Justice slide before shrinking to a "chibi" size. Towards the end of the arc, both Luffy and Usopp say that while they're in a tight spot, Enies Lobby isn't Hell, not even close. They had no idea how right they were . From Bad to Worse : The Straw Hats and Franky Family plus Water 7 allies are in a tough position against the Marines, CP9 and the World Government officers, but Spandam makes everything go to hell and a half acre from a stupid accidental press of the Golden Den Transponder Snail and sets off a Buster Call. Even though it's a mistake, it makes the Marines believe Ohara's last surviving scholar is going to escape, and Robin is forced to relive the horror of an assault that will only end when the Marines obliterate Enies Lobby down to nothing. Giant Mook : Oimo and Kashi. They later perform a Heel–Face Turn . Godzilla Threshold : The Buster Call is a villainous version of this. When a situation is so threatening to the World Government that even the slightest leak would cause irreparable damage, the Buster Call is summoned. Ten massive warships essentially glass the target island, wiping out any trace of whatever threat they were called to deal with. They can't be called off, either, not even by the person who summoned them in the first place, and no target is sacred enough to avoid bombarding, even one of the military's most important bases of operation was demolished by a Buster Call (though they gave the Marines involved time to evacuate ). Franky realizes that since Spandam will stop at nothing to steal the blueprints, he burns the blueprints to keep Spandam from abusing Pluton's power. Spandam shows off a Golden Snail Transponder, which allows him to activate a Buster Call and signal a fleet of powerful Marine ships to destory a given target. As Nico Robin tries to warn him, the fleet is willing to destroy an entire island full of its own allies or even the Snail's holder who pressed the button. Unfortunately, what is meant to be a last resort is wasted when Spandam accidentally presses it while trying to contact CP9 . Good Scars, Evil Scars : Lucci has scars on his back, during one of his early missions to stop a pirate crew from taking over a kingdom, either from gunfire or cannons depending on the adaptation, which resembles the symbol of the World Government . Government Conspiracy : The whole Ohara incident, which resulted in the island getting burned down, involved a piece of lost history the island's scholars found that the higher-ups of the World Government didn't want to be made public for a currently unknown reason. And of course, Robin's capture. Though, she's a pirate at the time of her capture, which works better for the World Government. Graceful Landing, Clumsy Landing : When Zoro unintentionally blasts Nami and Chopper up to the room of the Courthouse, Nami lands on her feet while Chopper plops down on his back. Though he still fares better than the Marine they were running away from, who doesn't even land on the roof. Graceful Loser : Kaku when beaten by Zoro. Aokiji also quietly accepts the Marines' loss when the Straw Hats manage to get away. Guest-Star Party Member : The Franky Family, the remaining Galley-La members, along with Kokoro, Chimney and Gonbe. Heel–Face Turn : After Usopp reveals the truth to Oimo that the World Government lied to him and Kashi that their heroes, Dorry and Brogy, being captured, Oimo and Kashi both team up with everyone else to fight against the Marines and World Government. He Knows Too Much : Professor Clover was already facing immediate execution for studying the Lost Hundred Years, but the Five Elders made it a point to try to condemn him for his actions. Clover was having none of it , and nearly divulged the truth about the History by revealing the name of an ancient country, which a number of kingdoms combined to defeat it and lay the foundations of the World Government. This led to one of the Elders ordering him to be shot, and the island bombarded by the Buster Call. Heroic RRoD : Lucci figures out the mechanics of Gear Second: by increasing the blood circulation by pressing his rubber legs, Luffy is able to transfer oxygen more rapidly in his body, increasing his strength and speed, at the massive cost of his stamina. Lucci even suggests Luffy is shortening his life doing this. Luffy rebuffs him saying that so long as it gets Robin back, it doesn't matter. Gear Third similarly wears out Luffy by forcing him into a 'shrink' form based on the length of time he used it, which wasn't helpful against Lucci. Later, Luffy is able to call on a last rush of adrenaline to finish off Lucci with a powerful Jet Gatling, but due to a combination of damage from Lucci and the stress from overusing Gear Second, his body completely shuts down afterwards, leaving him conscious but unable to move. Chopper's Monster Point is also revealed to be very taxing for him to maintain, which doesn't help if he attacks friend and foe alike . Heroic Willpower : Merry was in such poor condition that even with repairs she shouldn't have been able to reach another island. Despite this, she was able to sail to Enies Lobby through the Aqua Laguna storm and escaped from the Marine pursuit. Only when the crew was finally safe with the Galley-La crew did she finally succumb. How Do I Shot Web? : Kaku and Kalifa, who eat Devil Fruits shortly before the battle with the Straw Hats. Kalifa manages to get a handle on her power fairly quickly. Kaku takes awhile before he's able to fully master his, though still manages to give Zoro a tough fight. High-Altitude Battle : Franky and Fukuro's fight ends with one. Humanizing Tears : Good grief; Robin in tears ◊ is so adorable you'd want to hug and protect her, and makes you completely forget she was the right-hand lady of one of the most vicious mass-murderers in the Grand Line.

One Piece – Thriller Bark Arc
It's a lovely day on the Grand Line, and the Straw Hats are taking a well deserved rest day to relax and play around the Thousand Sunny . Sanji (after delivering some parfaits to the girls) declares his intention to make octopus for dinner, and tasks Luffy, Usopp, and Chopper with rounding some up from the Sunny 's fish tank. It's hard going given Chopper's short arms, Luffy's stupidity, and Usopp's bad luck, but after an incident where Usopp almost drowns and gets beaten up by Luffy's well-meaning attempt at rescuing him, they are ultimately able to round up some octopodes and have fun while doing so. Zoro is woken up from his nap in the crow's nest, but his initial annoyance at his crewmates antics is stopped when he spots something drifting on the water towards the ship. The crew heads to the deck and spots the object; it's a barrel with a flag on it, Usopp spotting the word "treasure" written on it. Thinking they've struck paydirt, the Straw Hats pull the barrel in and put it on deck, only to be disappointed when they see the reality; Nami explains the flag reads "Gift to the God of the Sea", a traditional offering sailors would make for safe passage by stuffing a barrel full of food and drink for the gods. While bummed they didn't get any treasure, the prospect of drink is a welcome one and Luffy opens the barrel to see what's inside. No sooner has he opened it that a flare shoots out of the barrel and explodes over the Sunny ; the crew is stumped by this, with Robin wondering if this was all some elaborate prank. They don't get any time to think on this before Nami alerts them that a storm is rolling in and will hit the Sunny in five minutes. The crew do their best to secure the Sunny , but the storm is incredibly strong and threatens to capsize the ship. No matter- Franky activates Channel Zero on the Sunny 's Soldier Dock System, turning her into a paddle steamer that easily powers through the storm. Now that they are out of the storm, the crew looks around and notes that the sky is far too dark from what should be a sunny afternoon, and that they seem to be surrounded by a thick layer of fog. Luffy concludes they must be in the Florian Triangle that Granny Kokoro mentioned back at Water 7, with Usopp (who wasn't present during that talk) asking what exactly that means. The others fill in Usopp about the Florian Triangle, a "cursed" section of sea where hundreds of ships disappear every year and is supposedly filled with ghosts and zombies, which freaks the cowardly sniper out to no end. Just then, the crew hears a haunting tune drifting over the air, right before a massive abandoned galleon comes drifting out of the fog. The Straw Hats maneuver the Sunny out of the way as the galleon passes by, and from their spot they can see the source of the singing; a afro-wearing skeleton dressed in a nice suit and drinking a cup of tea, who watches the now panicking Straw Hats as the ship sails past. Luffy is, naturally, thrilled at the idea of a singing skeleton, and so intends to board the galleon to talk with it. He's held back by Sanji, who wants to keep Luffy on a tight leash before he does something stupid. Nami, Usopp, and Chopper are all happy to leave the ship and keep sailing, but Zoro informs them that's unlikely- once Luffy's got his mind set on something, there's no reining him in, and the best they can do is send two people along to be his minders before he gets into trouble. He proposes drawing straws, and Sanji and Nami pull the short straw to join Luffy on the galleon. Onboard, the skeleton happily greets them and apologizes for his cold behavior- he was so shocked to see living, breathing humans that he panicked and froze up. He initially offers to take them inside for some refreshments, but stops upon seeing Nami. The skeleton straightens out his clothes and dusts off his shoes before approaching Nami... and asking to see her panties; Nami's terror turns to rage and she kicks the skeleton in the head, leaving a sizeable welt. Sanji demands to know how a skeleton is still alive and acting like a normal human, but Luffy has a more important question- would the skeleton like to join his crew? The skeleton quickly agrees (to Nami and Sanji's outrage), and the four head back to the Sunny . Aboard the Sunny , the skeleton greets the other crewmembers and introduces himself as Brook (and asks Robin if he can see her panties, earning another beating from Nami). Usopp and Chopper freak out and attempt an exorcism on Brook, which freaks him out as well as he looks around for the malevolent spirit they are after. Zoro chews out Nami and Sanji for once again allowing Luffy to get away with something stupid, and Luffy finally asks the question of what exactly Brook is and how did he get there. Brook is happy to explain, but he is super hungry due to not eating in fifty years, so Sanji preps dinner and the Straw Hats (plus Brook) head to the galley to eat. In the kitchen, it turns out that Brook is just as ravenous and rowdy as any of the other Straw Hats (read: Luffy), but otherwise he's pretty good company. After eating, Brook begins to explain his backstory; he's a Devil Fruit user, specifically having eaten the Revive-Revive Fruit, which grants its user a second shot at life after they are killed. Brook was once a pirate just like them, long ago, but his crew were attacked and slaughtered by a powerful foe while on their journey. Thanks to the powers of the Revive-Revive Fruit, Brook's soul returned following his death, but unfortunately it got lost and couldn't find his body for a full year- by the time his soul found his body, it had rotted down to the skeleton form we see now (as for why he still has hair, Brook says he has very deep roots). Usopp asks Brook if he's a skeleton or a ghost, with Brook saying he's quite frightened by ghosts; Nami finds this ironic given his skeletal appearance and turns a mirror towards Brook, but this causes the skeleton to scream in fright. Not because he's scary looking, but because there's nothing to see- Brook has no reflection! Further inspection reveals he has no shadow as well, the crew panicking and asking if Brook is actually a vampire. Brook quickly corrects them that he is not a vampire and being a skeleton has nothing to do with his shadow-less condition- in actuality, his shadow was stolen from him. It does have similar effects to vampirism in that he can't see his reflection and will disintegrate if he is exposed to sunlight (as happened to another sailor whom Brook encountered that had his shadow stolen and went mad from the stress and isolation), but other than that he's just a normal talking skeleton. However, with his revelation he goes back on his acceptance at joining the Straw Hats- because he has no shadow, he will die the instant the Sunny reaches calmer waters, and he doesn't want to burden his new friends with that trauma. Instead, he resolves to wait in the fog banks of the Florian Triangle until he gets his shadow back, then he'd be happy to join the Straw Hats should they meet again. Luffy rejects Brook's plan, saying that he'll help find Brook's shadow and beat the guy who did this to him. Brook appreciates the solidarity, but refuses to elaborate further on who stole his shadow before offering to play them a song- as his former crew's musician, he is quite well versed in music. Luffy is ecstatic to have a musician on board and demands Brook join his crew, but before he can begin playing Brook freaks out as a real ghost drifts into the galley. The ghost disappears and the Straw Hats rush on deck to follow it, only to see that the Sunny 's path has been blocked by a massive wall that looks like teeth. Brook hurries them to the back of the ship, and as they look at what's behind them he asks Luffy if they opened a barrel with a flag on it. When Luffy reluctantly answers that they did, Brook tells the Straw Hats that it was a signal flare and they had been tracked the whole time they were in the fog bank. Now, they have reached the source of the flare- Thriller Bark, a ghostly island in the Triangle that has just materialized behind them. With Thriller Bark now revealed, Brook bids the Straw Hats farewell- the man who stole his shadow is on that island, and he intends to go and get it back. He tells the Straw Hats they should escape and head for calmer waters before jumping off the side of the Sunny , and with his light weight he is able to run across the surface of the water to the island. The Straw Hats survey their means of escape, but they are not good- the teeth structure are heavy gates that are surrounded by high walls, meaning the Straw Hats are trapped on Thriller Bark with no obvious means of escape. Nami and Chopper want nothing to do with the island, but Luffy grabs a butterfly net and box with the intent of catching a ghost and keeping it as a pet. Usopp tries to dissuade Luffy from going across, but only seems to encourage Luffy (which is not helped when Robin and Franky express interest in joining him). In fact, Franky has just the thing for this situation, instructing the others to go down to Soldier Dock Channel 2 and wait for him to activate it. Nami, Usopp and Chopper head down, Nami mentioning that Franky had been doing his best to keep this area of the Sunny off limits. Franky says he had been working on a special project before activating Soldier Dock Channel 2, revealing a small landing craft designed to look like the late Going Merry . Dubbed "Mini-Merry II", this will act as a smaller ship to carry the Straw Hats to ports and locales the Sunny can't reach, and the trio quickly takes a shine to the craft as they pilot it around the Sunny . Franky explains that he has a few other channels lined up as well- Channel 0 (the emergency paddle system), Channel 1 (an upgrade to Nami's Skypiean Waver), Channel 2(Mini-Merry), and Channel 3 (Shark Submerge, a submarine shaped like a shark they can use to explore underwater passages). As he explains this, however, the group on deck loses sight of the other three and Mini-Merry. As they prepare to go ashore and find out what happened, something begins to mess with the Straw Hats: Luffy's hat is stolen, one of Zoro's swords is yanked from its scabbard, and Zoro himself is yanked off his feet and tossed around like a ragdoll. It all comes to a head when the invisible person grabs Robin and licks her, escaping before the Straw Hats can engage. All the while, the Sunny begins drifting in the currents of Thriller Bark. Meanwhile, the other three find themselves at the bottom of a moat- during their ride, Nami accidentally ran Mini-Merry into a small sea wall and she, Usopp, and Chopper were pitched into the moat. As they take a moment to survey their surroundings, they find that the moat is filled with human bones. What's worse, they're not alone- a beast approaches them from the shadows, stepping into the light to reveal that it is a massive three-headed dog. The three naturally panic at the sight and run, with the "Cerberus" giving chase. As they run, however, Chopper notices there's something off with the third head- it's actually a fox's head that had been grafted onto the rest of the body, and when he points this out the Cerberus stops and hangs its head in embarrassment. This buys them only a short reprieve before the Cerberus continues chasing them, the three Straw Hats spotting a staircase leading them into a spooky-looking forest. They dash in and Usopp uses a smoke bomb to hide them from the Cerberus, the three climbing a tree to avoid the beast.

One Piece – Sabaody Archipelago Arc
After adding Brook to the crew, the Straw Hats continue on their journey to their next destination: Fish-Man Island, where they can cross over into the New World. They reach the Red Line, signifying that they've made it halfway around the Grand Line, but cannot find a way to get to the other side, nor to Fish-Man Island. Luffy, Robin, and Brook try to take the submarine down to see if they can find anything, but are forced to stop after reaching a 5000m depth to keep from being crushed by the pressure. As they return to the surface, they're attacked by a sea king; Luffy easily defeats it, but to everyone's surprise, it spits up a mermaid and a starfish who land on the deck of the Thousand Sunny . The mermaid introduces herself as Camie, and the starfish is her mentor and friend Pappagu. In gratitude for saving them, Camie wants to treat the Straw Hats to takoyaki (fried octopus) from the takoyaki stand where she works. However, when she tries to contact her boss (the owner), whom she calls "Hatchin" (since she adds a "-chin" to the end of everyone's names), she finds, to her dismay, that he has been captured by the Macro Gang, a trio of Fish-men who frequently kidnap Camie and Pappagu to try to sell them into slavery on the black market, where mermaids fetch a very high price. Pappagu explains that Hatchin always rescues them, and normally defeats the Macro gang easily. This time, though, Macro and his men recently teamed up with a much larger and more dangerous group of thugs called the Flying Fish Riders; furthermore, it's likely that Hatchin picked a fight with them under the belief that they had kidnapped Camie again (since they were gone for a while due to being eaten by the sea king), and was captured as a result. The Straw Hats agree to help Camie and Pappagu rescue Hatchin, though Zoro, Nami, and Sanji are a bit wary of the fact that his name sounds a lot like that of Hatchan/Hachi, one of Arlong's old henchmen. Camie asks the fish in the nearby water to lead them in the direction of Sabaody Archipelago's Grove 44, the same direction as the Flying Fish Riders' hideout. Elsewhere, the leader of the Flying Fish Riders — "Iron Mask" Duval — orders a few of his men to attack the pirate ship that rescued Camie in an effort to retrieve her. However, when they do so and report to Duval that the ship she's on is that of the Straw Hats, Duval orders them to retreat, instead wanting to lure them to the hideout so that he can attack them personally, as he has a grudge against "that man" from the Straw Hat crew. It's then revealed that "Hatchin" is indeed the same Hachi who once fought the Straw Hats as part of Arlong's crew. He is horrified when he realizes that Camie is on board their ship, since he is sure they will want nothing to do with him once they realize who he is due to all of the horrible things he did to Nami. Once the Thousand Sunny reaches the hideout, they find it seemingly empty, with only a caged-up Hatchin nearby (though they know that this is a trap). When the Straw Hats realize that Hatchin and Hachi are indeed one and the same, they almost decide to abandon him to his fate; however, as a result, Camie and Pappagu attempt to rescue Hachi on their own and are immediately captured by the Macro Gang as the Flying Fish Riders begin their attack. Nami then decides that, in addition to getting Camie and Pappagu back, the crew should keep their promise to them and rescue Hachi as well; with her permission, the Straw Hats jump into action, with Luffy rescuing Camie and Pappagu, Zoro freeing Hachi, and the rest of the Straw Hats successfully defending the ship from the attacking Fish Riders. Luffy eagerly tries to ride one of the Flying Fish, but almost drowns the first time thanks to the fish diving in the water. The second time, he accidentally crashes the fish through the roof of Duval's room, and gets a glimpse of his face without the mask on. Meanwhile, the rest of the Straw Hats fend off the Riders with relative ease, though Brook notices that Zoro is still suffering from his wounds from Thriller Bark. Luffy emerges from the hideout being chased by Duval, riding on the back of his giant bull Motobaro. Duval then reveals to everyone present that the Straw Hat he wants revenge on is Sanji, much to the latter's shock and confusion. As Sanji tries to think of who might have a grudge against him, Duval fires poison spears at him and the others on the ship. Luffy then kicks Duval's mask off to reveal his face to everyone: he looks exactly like the ugly composite sketch from Sanji's Wanted poster! Duval explains that his life was ruined once Sanji earned his bounty, since he is now frequently mistaken for Sanji and unjustly arrested and beaten by the Marines, forcing him to flee to sea and become a criminal. As a result, Duval wants to kill him as well as the rest of the Straw Hats, since it's their fault that Sanji became a pirate in the first place. Sanji has no sympathy for Duval due to his hatred of the picture on the Wanted poster and angrily attacks him; however, a couple of the Fish Riders manage to trap Sanji in a steel net and drag him underwater to drown him. Camie dives in after them to rescue Sanji (since, as Pappagu reveals, mermaids are the world's fastest swimmers) while the rest of the Riders try to drop a giant anchor onto the Thousand Sunny to sink it. Luckily, Franky reveals more of Sunny 's cool features by first putting the ship in reverse to dodge the anchor, then counterattacking by using its giant Gaon Cannon (to Luffy's absolute delight) to destroy the Riders' hideout. Duval tries to attack Luffy with Motobaro, but Luffy is able to intimidate the bull (using, unbeknownst to everyone, Conqueror's Haki as Shanks did in the beginning of the series) into quitting the attack. Sanji, who was successfully rescued by Camie, finishes the fight by rapid-kicking Duval in the face numerous times until he falls unconscious. Later, the Straw Hats, Camie, Pappagu, and Hachi celebrate with the latter's takoyaki, with Nami making it clear that she hasn't completely forgiven Hachi for everything he did but nonetheless being civil to him. Duval and the Fish Riders (now calling themselves the Rosy Life Riders) stop by the ship to apologize and thank them again; it's revealed that Sanji kicking Duval in the face has rearranged the latter's bone structure and made him extremely handsome, causing Duval to completely give up his grudge against the Straw Hats. Wanting to repay them someday, Duval gives Sanji the number for his Transponder Snail so they can call him if needed before his group takes their leave. Hachi, Camie, and Pappagu tell the crew that the only way a group of criminals like them can reach the New World is by passing through Fish-Man Island, but to do so, they will need to get a special coating job for their ship that will allow it to travel underwater to the necessary depths, which can be done by a professional at Sabaody Archipelago. The crew heads there, and find that the archipelago is actually a group of 76 giant mangrove trees growing close together, forming a sort of island. Before the crew disembarks, Pappagu explains that the Straw Hats must be careful, since the archipelago is very close to both the holy land of Mariejois and Marine Headquarters, meaning that the island will be filled with both Marines and "World Nobles". Hachi then makes them promise not to defy the World Nobles under any circumstances. Luffy, Nami, Chopper, Robin, Brook, Hachi, Camie, and Pappagu disembark to go find the coating craftsman, Hachi's friend Ray; shortly afterwards, Nami and Robin break off from the others to go shopping. Zoro later leaves the ship on his own to take a walk, while Usopp, Sanji, and Franky stay behind to (in Usopp's and Franky's case) do maintenance on the ship and (in Sanji's case) guard Nami's treasure. Nami notes to Robin that Camie has been on edge since they arrived on the island, and that she and Hachi are concealing the fact that they are a mermaid and Fish-man. Robin replies that mermaids and Fish-men have been the subject of horrible discrimination in the past (having even been classified as "fish" up until 200 years ago), and it's likely that some of that racism still remains. Meanwhile, while walking through town, Luffy's party comes across a man begging for his metal collar to be taken off, only for the collar to explode shortly afterwards. Hachi reveals that the man was an escaped slave, and the collars are programmed to blow up if they try to run away. Soon after, the slave's owners — a man named Roswald and his daughter Shalria — show up and shoot the already-badly-injured man. Luffy wants to attack them, but Hachi stops him, noting that the the pair are World Nobles and reminding him of his promise. Hachi and Pappagu later explain to the rest of the group that the World Nobles (also known as the "Celestial Dragons") are descended from the 20 kings who founded the World Government 800 years ago, and are thus treated as gods and consider themselves to be above humanity. They have become extremely entitled and cruel over the years as a result, with each generation worse than the previous, and are literally allowed to whatever they please. Furthermore, harming a Celestial Dragon in any way will result in the perpetrator being hunted down by a Marine Admiral. Luffy's party arrives at "Shakky's Rip-Off Bar", where they meet Shakuyaku a.k.a. Shakky, Ray's business partner. Ray is not there, but Shakky is glad to see Hachi again and welcomes the group inside for some tea and drink. She is also glad to meet Luffy, whom she has read about frequently in the paper; as a former pirate herself, she is a fan of his. She tells them that Ray has been gone for around six months, but she isn't worried, since he frequently spends time drinking and gambling in some of the more lawless parts of the island. She gives the group recommendations for where they could find him, but warns them to be careful when wandering around town, since her information sources tell her that, including the Straw Hats, there are currently a large number of powerful rookie pirate crews on the island; a total of eleven of the pirates (Luffy and Zoro being two of them) from nine different crews carry bounties of over 100 million berries, earning them the title of "The Eleven Supernovas", and Luffy's 300 million bounty is only the second-highest among them. Elsewhere, the other nine Supernovas engage in various antics around the town. Capone "Gang" Bege (Firetank Pirates captain, bounty 138 million) tries to enjoy a meal at a restaurant, but is irritated and offended by the horrible table manners of the nearby "Big Eater" Jewelry Bonney (Bonney Pirates captain, 140 million). A waiter rushing to get more food for her accidentally spills spaghetti on a crewmate of "The Magician" Basil Hawkins (Hawkins Pirates captain, 249 million), who tells him to brush it off. Outside, "Roar of the Sea" Scratchmen Apoo (Air Pirates captain, 198 million) and Eustass "Captain" Kid (Kid Pirates captain, 315 million) are squaring off. In a different part of town, Kid's crewmate "Massacre Soldier" Killer (Kid Pirates fighter, 162 million) fights with "Mad Monk" Urouge (Fallen Monk Pirates captain, 108 million) until their battle is broken up by "Red Flag" X Drake (Drake Pirates captain, 220 million), to the disappointment of the nearby observing "Surgeon of Death" Trafalgar Law (Heart Pirates captain, 200 million). Shakky also adds that Kid having the highest bounty is a result of him causing mass civilian casualties, so she's rooting for Luffy's crew instead. Luffy is minorly interested about his rivals, but decides to leave to go look for Ray. When Shakky tells them that Ray occasionally enjoys visiting Sabaody Park (the island's amusement park), Luffy and the others jump at the opportunity to go. In a different part of town, another Celestial Dragon named Charlos (the son/brother of Roswald and Shalria from earlier) passes through an area where several of the Supernovas — Hawkins, Apoo, Bonney, Bege, and Urouge — are lounging with their crews. All present kneel before him as is custom, but when a group of doctors carry a badly injured patient past him to the emergency room without bowing, Charlos knocks the injured man off the stretcher onto the ground, claims the pretty female nurse treating him for his 13th wife, and shoots her fiance when he tries to protest. Suddenly, Zoro passes by on his walk, drinking his booze, and when everyone stares at him, Zoro — not realizing who Charlos is or why he's important — rudely asks him if he needs directions. Charlos immediately tries to shoot him, but he dodges the bullet and prepares to draw his sword; however, before he can attack, Bonney intervenes and uses her powers to trick Charlos into believing that he successfully shot and killed Zoro, which is enough to get him to leave. Afterwards, Bonney angrily scolds Zoro for almost attacking a World Noble and bringing an Admiral down on them, but Zoro indifferently brushes her off and leaves to take the nurse's injured fiance to the hospital, to Bonney's exasperation. The other observing Supernovas are impressed with Zoro's high level of bloodlust, but also incredulous at how crazy the crew members of the Straw Hats really are. Back on the ship, Sanji, Usopp, and Franky receive a call from a frantic Chopper, telling them that Camie was kidnapped from the amusement park, but they have no idea who the culprits are or where they went. Sanji decides to turn to another group of people from that line of work for help in finding her — their new friends from earlier, the Flying Fish Riders. Meanwhile, Drake and Apoo both separately express shock at a huge piece of news from the paper: the Marines have sentenced Whitebeard's second division commander, Portgas D. Ace, to execution, which is certain to incite a war between Whitebeard and the Marines. The Riders eventually find out which auction house Camie was sold to and pick up the various Straw Hat members around town to head over there. At the auction house, Camie struggles against her captors and defiantly tells the auction house's manager, Disco, that her friends will come for her; he starts to beat her, but doesn't get far before he is suddenly knocked out by (unbeknownst to most present) a blast of Conqueror's Haki from one of the other prisoners—an old man named "Dark King" Silvers Rayleigh, alias "Ray" (Hachi's friend). The auction starts, with Supernovas Kid (and Killer) and Law (as well as a few of their other men) and the Celestial Dragons from earlier (Roswald, Shalria, and Charlos) among those in attendance. Nami, Sanji, Chopper, Franky, Hachi, and Pappagu arrive outside the auction house thanks to the Fish Riders, but when they are unable to threaten the guards outside to give Camie back, Nami decides to try to play by their rules and buy Camie back legally using their treasure from Thriller Bark (which adds up to around 200 million Berries). Unfortunately, when Camie comes up for sale, Charlos immediately bids 500 million on her, which no one else can match. As the Straw Hat group is debating what to do, Luffy and his Fish Rider (as well as Zoro, whom they picked up on the way) literally crash down the door as they arrive. Luffy immediately tries to run to the stage to save Camie, but Hachi tries to stop him, since Camie is now wearing an exploding collar that will kill her unless they can find the keys to get it off. While trying to hold Luffy back, Hachi accidentally exposes himself as a Fish-man, to the disgust of the snooty rich people present, and Charlos shoots him (to Luffy's absolute fury) with the intent of claiming him as a slave. Though Hachi tries to hold Luffy back — accepting his punishment as retribution for what he did to Nami in the past — Luffy ignores him and punches Charlos in the face, sending him flying across the room and knocking him out, to the delight of Law and Kid and the horror of the other auction attendees. Luffy apologizes to his crew, knowing that an Admiral will now be called to the island, but they brush it off; the guards move to attack them on Roswald's orders, while the other auction attendees flee the building (though the two other pirate crews stay to watch). Chopper begins to treat Hachi and Franky goes to look for the keys to Camie's collar while the other four Straw Hats begin battling the guards. The final three crew members also arrive, with Robin and Brook jumping straight into action and Usopp accidentally landing on and knocking out Roswald. As Luffy notes that they have to leave quickly before the Marines arrive, Law speaks to him for the first time to tell him that Marines have had the building surrounded during the entire auction, and thanks the crew for the entertainment they provided. Robin identifies Law and Kid for Luffy, but before they can talk more, Shalria tries to shoot Camie to keep the Straw Hats from getting her back; however, before she can, Rayleigh (who easily freed himself backstage) appears and knocks her out with his Haki. He admits to another slave on the lineup that he was planning to steal from whoever bought him, and after appraising the situation, uses Haki again to knock out all the remaining enemies in the room, before identifying Luffy by his straw hat and telling him that he's been wanting to meet him. Seeing Hachi injured but alive, he thanks the Straw Hats for saving his friend and promises to talk more with them later after they've escaped the premises. Backstage, Disco desperately calls the auction house's owner, Warlord of the Sea Donquixote Doflamingo, begging him for help to remedy the situation, but Doflamingo is indifferent and abandons Disco and the auction house, though not before revealing that the Seven Warlords have been mobilized into active duty to help fight against Whitebeard in the upcoming war. Kid notes that he's glad he got to see Luffy do something crazy, but plans to leave before the Admiral arrives, mockingly offering to help the others by taking down the Marines outside on his way out. This pisses off both Luffy and Law, who promptly follow Kid outside to participate in the fight as well. The three captains use their powers to easily fend off attacks from the Marines, and are soon joined by the rest of their crew members, who also join the fight. Luffy declares to Kid and Law that he will be the one to find the One Piece; though Kid seems irritated by this, he acknowledges his respect for Luffy's gutsiness and states that the three of them should meet up again in the New World. The three captains and their crews go their separate ways, battling the Marines as they go. The Straw Hats and their four friends (Hachi, Camie, Pappagu, and Rayleigh) escape with the help of the Flying Fish Riders, who take them back to Rayleigh's and Shakky's place. Law frees Roswald's slave, Jean Bart, and offers him the chance to join his crew, to which Bart agrees. As the Heart Pirates attempt to leave, they catch up with the Kid Pirates, who have been confronted by what appears to be Bartholomew Kuma of the Seven Warlords, but is actually one of the Pacifistas, a mindless human robot/weapon modeled after him. Kid and Law, wanting to escape before the Admiral comes, begrudgingly team up once more to fight their way past the Pacifista. Back at Shakky's Ripoff Bar, Rayleigh formally introduces himself to the Straw Hats and reveals that he was the first mate on Pirate King Gold Roger's ship many years ago. He further reveals many more truths about the Roger Pirates to them: that, rather than being captured as much of the world believes, Roger actually gave himself up to the Marines, since he'd come down with a terminal illness four years prior and knew that his time was almost finished. Shortly after his diagnosis, Roger and his crew went on one last three-year-long journey together, during which they conquered the Grand Line and Roger came to be known as the Pirate King (which pleased him, since he enjoyed doing things in the flashiest possible way). Joining them on this expedition was Crocus, the current lighthouse-keeper from Twin Capes (whom the Straw Hats met along with Laboon), who served as the doctor of the crew in order to ease Roger's suffering. After they completed this journey, the Roger Pirates disbanded, and a year later, Roger turned himself in. Though his execution was supposed to serve as a warning to other pirates, Roger managed to instead use it to spark the Great Age of Piracy with his infamous last words encouraging others to seek out his treasure. Rayleigh also states that Red-Haired Shanks and Buggy the Clown were cabin boys on Roger's crew, and that Shanks is the one who told Rayleigh about Luffy, noting that Luffy reminded him of Roger. Robin asks Rayleigh how Roger was able to leave behind the message on the gold bell in Skypeia, wondering if his crew knows the truth of the Void Century. Rayleigh states that they do indeed know, though not because they could actually read the poneglyphs (rather, it was because Roger had the ability to hear the "Voice of All Things"), but he encourages Robin to discover the answer for herself by continuing her journey, to which she agrees. Usopp starts to ask Rayleigh where the treasure of One Piece is; however, Luffy interrupts, insisting that he wants to discover it himself and doesn't want to go on a boring journey where he already knows the destination, and further clarifying that he wants to be Pirate King not for wealth, fame, or power, but because that's the "freest man on the sea", which further endears him to Rayleigh and Shakky. Rayleigh agrees to coat the Straw Hats' ship for free, but since it's a three-day process, the crew decides to leave Shakky's bar, head to town, and split up in order to lay low as much as possible, each taking a piece of Rayleigh's Vivre card so they can meet up more easily. Unfortunately, shortly after they leave and before they split up, they encounter another Pacifista, whom they too mistake for the real Kuma. Elsewhere, Marine Admiral Kizaru (meaning "Yellow Monkey", real name Borsalino) arrives on the island, searching for his subordinate Sentomaru. Though Supernovas Bege and Bonney separately manage to use their powers to escape from the Marines without encountering Kizaru, others aren't so lucky: despite Hawkins, Urouge, Drake, and Apoo teaming up to fight Kizaru and a third Pacifista, he defeats all of them with relative ease using the incredible speed and power of his Glint-Glint Fruit, a light-based Logia type. Before he can capture or kill any of them, though, Sentomaru finally gets in touch with him and informs him that their main targets are the Straw Hats, so Kizaru leaves to confront them instead since they are his main priority. Meanwhile, the Straw Hats narrowly manage to defeat and deactivate their Pacifista opponent by working together and combining all of their skills, but are left extremely worn out from the experience — especially Zoro, whose injuries from Thriller Bark begin to act up again. Sadly, they get no time to rest, as they are shortly thereafter confronted by Sentomaru and yet another Pacifista. The Straw Hats try to split into three groups of three, but the group of Nami, Sanji, and Franky is cornered by the Pacifista; Luffy, Chopper, and Robin are kept at bay by Sentomaru, who manages to bypass Luffy's normal immunity to blunt force attacks and actually hurt him; and, worst of all, Kizaru arrives and attacks the group of Zoro, Usopp, and Brook, completely incapacitating the already-severely-injured Zoro with one of his light beams. Kizaru prepares to finish Zoro off with one more beam while the Straw Hats, who cannot harm Kizaru with his Logia intangibility, try in vain to stop him; however, just before Kizaru kills Zoro, Silvers Rayleigh shows up and diverts the blow, rescuing him. Rayleigh proceeds to fight Kizaru himself in order to help the Straw Hats escape, but unfortunately, they still cannot get away from Sentomaru and the Pacifista, who repeatedly knock them down. Just as Zoro, Usopp, Sanji, and Brook are cornered by the Pacifista and Chopper enters Monster Point again, the real Bartholomew Kuma appears, and uses his Paw-Paw powers to "vanish" Zoro (as he did to Perona on Thriller Bark), much to the rest of the crew's horror. When Luffy demands to know what happened to him, Sentomaru informs him that Kuma's "push" powers are said to send the victim flying for three days and nights straight, and that Zoro is no longer anywhere near Sabaody Archipelago. The Pacifista prepares to attack Usopp, Sanji, and Brook again, but to everyone's surprise, Kuma uses his power to send away the Pacifista as well. Brook tries to protect Usopp and Sanji from Kuma, but he too is quickly vanished for his trouble. Luffy begs everyone else to flee, but Sanji attacks Kuma in fury and is knocked backwards by his paws, after which Kuma vanishes Usopp; when Sanji tries to attack him again, he is sent away as well. Kuma then "teleports" next to Rayleigh and whispers to him, asking Rayleigh to trust him, but when Kizaru demands to know what he's doing, Kuma replies that he's not obligated to answer. Luffy goes into Gear Second and tries to attack Kuma, but he teleports over to where Nami and Franky are, and despite Franky's and Luffy's efforts to stop him, Kuma sends Franky and then Nami away. He then teleports over to Robin, and when a mindless Monster Chopper tries to attack him, Kuma vanishes him; Robin tries to run away, but he catches her and sends her away too. Luffy collapses to the ground in tears at his failure to save any of his crewmates, and does not fight back when Kuma finally vanishes him as well, telling him as he does so that they will not meet again. The narration then states that, on this day, Monkey D. Luffy's Straw Hat pirate crew was utterly eradicated.

One Piece – Egghead Arc
Accidental Hero : Garp was fully content to allow Rocks to lay waste against the World Nobles for their hubris in stealing Fullalead's "treasure" and furthermore being dumb enough to descend from the Holy Land and put themselves within reach of him. However, hearing that Roger was already heading to God Valley (apparently intent on stealing said treasure in the chaos) had Garp immediately involve himself solely for a chance to catch his rival. Their unseen team-up against Rocks and subsequent protection of the World Nobles from his wrath was entirely incidental to them trying to survive the fight against him. Accidental Truth : Upon catching wind of the incident at Egghead, Big News Morgans decides to twist the information and write an article claiming that Luffy had taken Vegapunk captive. Vivi is outraged since she knows Luffy well enough that she believes he wouldn't take someone hostage unless they deserved it, but Morgans doesn't care, since he'd rather catch the public's interest with a scandalous story instead of the truth. Chapter 1089 reveals however that after defeating all the Seraphim, the Straw Hat Pirates have captured York and are holding her hostage to squeeze info out of the Five Elders, so they're holding a Vegapunk captive, just not the original. Adaptational Expansion : The anime expands on the fights, as well as showing parts of the arc that weren't shown in full: Episode 1110 has Luffy demonstrate his Gear 5 transformation to Rob Lucci. Though Lucci anticipated a "good fight", he gets sucker punched before it began. He then activates his own awakening before they finally duke it out. Episode 1124 sheds more light on how the Straw Hats turned the tables on York; Robin had followed York down to the basement level where was imprisoning the Cipher Pol agents and Vegapunk Stella, using her power to sprout arms in order to prevent York from shooting the Stella. Just prior, Robin, Chopper, and Atlas were being chased by S-Bear and S-Hawk when Kaku came across them while looking for Zoro and held off the Seraphim, only to be badly injured. Zoro, ironically, found them and managed to subdue the Seraphim. Episode 1128 expands on how Saturn's teleportation works: first, an explosion erupts and in its place is a giant, glowing pentagram surrounded by a ring of blue fire, with a black flame burning in the center of the star. The flame quickly sluggers out as tendrils of black lightning with purple, blue, and green gradients emanate from the circle and an Ominous Obsidian Ooze that resembles liquid shadows bubble up from where the flame was, getting bigger and slowly taking shape as glowing red eyes appear. As it continues to take form, it shifts and shakes while the lightning continues to flash, red light glowing from within the larger mass of the ooze as it shifts all around getting into definite shape. Taking the form of a vague silhouette before gaining definite traits of Saturn's hybrid form, including his spider legs and clawed hands before his face gains shape and a ribbon of pale purple flame wraps around him. Then, with a tap of his cane on the ground, he releases a shockwave that instantly dispels the circle and the shadowy ooze that he formed from. During Kuma's flashback in the anime, we get a Once More, with Clarity moment as we see him teleporting away the Straw Hats. From their point of view, he's stotic and emotionless as they try and fail to beat him. But we see things from his POV and in his thoughts showcase that he knows that they can get stronger but aren't ready for the New World at their skill level and hopes his actions will make them realize it and trained to be more formidable for it. Advanced Ancient Acropolis : Shaka reveals that there was once an extremely technologically advanced ancient kingdom that existed 900 years ago in the past - and later, it's confirmed that it's the Ancient Kingdom that fought the World Government which Doctor Clover spoke about, and that Joy Boy was an inhabitant of this kingdom. All for Nothing : Zigzagged for the Straw Hats. Vegapunk Stella requests that Luffy take him off of Egghead now that the World Government is after him. In the end however, he is fatally wounded during the Straw Hats' escape after he accomplished in saving Bonney and Kuma. Luffy is dejected that he failed but, because Stella was connected with the other Satellites, Lilith tells him that he did succeed in bringing a Vegapunk out alive; specifically her . She also points out that the other Vegapunks are "alive"... in a sense. As they are all robotic clones, Atlas, Edison, Shaka, and Pythagoras are revealed later to have transferred to a new [shared] body while liberating Punk Records from York. Played Straight for York and the Elders. They had gone to great lengths to silence Stella and prevent the truth of the Void Century to leak for their own ends, only for Vegapunk to pull a Thanatos Gambit on them and leak the info anyway. As a result, the World Government annihilated Egghead for nothing, and York's dream of becoming a Celestial Dragon remains out of reach. They also lose access to Punk Records thanks to Edison and the other Satellites lifting the structure from Egghead. Ambiguous Situation : After Luffy is left burned out by overusing Gear Five, somebody throws him a great deal of food to help him recover - however, it's not clear who it was, and at that point, the Straw Hats and Vegapunk were all paralyzed by Saturn, and Luffy himself was too tired to move. It's implied that Kizaru had a hand in providing the food after he recovered from his defeat while everyone was busy. With Vegapunk Stella dead by the end of the arc, what will become of all of the knowledge stored in his brain in Punk Records thanks to his Brain-Briain Fruit? According to St. Mars, Punk Records is set in a way that the brain will be preserved even if anything happens to the body, keeping the collected knowledge inside. There is also the matter of the Straw Hats carrying his lifeless body with them to Elbaph by the end of the arc. An Arm and a Leg : Soon after being brought to Momoiro Island by the Revolutionary Army, Bartholomew Kuma returns to Marijoa amid the Celestial Dragons still dealing with the fallout of Sabo's attack during the Reverie. Fleet Admiral Sakazuki damages his face and destroys one of his legs before he escapes towards his actual destination, Egghead. And Now for Someone Completely Different : The arc shifts focus off of what is happening on Egghead for a handful of scenes elsewhere. The quick battle between Shanks and Kid. The battle between Bkackbeard and Law's crews. The events in Mary Geoise, including the truth behind Cobra's death. Garp rescuing Koby and other captives from Fullalead Island. Before the arc begins to wrap up, a set of chapters explored the tragic life of Bartholomew Kuma and the relationship with his daughter Jewelry Bonney. Arc Villain : St. Jaygarcia Saturn is the de facto Big Bad of the Egghead Arc, having reappropriated the Pacifista project and being responsible for Dr. Vegapunk turning Bartholomew Kuma into a Full-Conversion Cyborg . The other Elders join him later. Awesome, but Impractical : Atlas brings up one of the drawbacks of being a One-Man Industrial Revolution : most of Vegapunk's technology can't be mass-produced because the rest of the world's technicians can't keep up with how advanced it is, nor fund it appropriately. Badass Army : Averted with Shanks' pirate fleet. In stark contrast to the other Emperor-associated fleets which have been shown to each possess quite the military might, Shanks' is revealed to be mostly comprised of weaklings and jokes that are completely out of their league in the New World. His allied forces are thus considered to be notoriously weak compared to those of his pirate contemporaries. The only reason that they've survived in such a harsh sea however is because they're protected by Shanks and those few individuals associated with him that are more than strong enough. Badass on Paper : Thanks in part to one of his subordinates putting him in the center of the Cross Guild poster, the Marines believe Buggy is the leader of the organization and make him one of the new Emperors. Crocodile and Mihawk decide to let it stay that way so that Buggy will have the target on his back while they play The Man Behind the Man . Bad Guys Do the Dirty Work : Invoked by Mjosgard. During Charlos's second attempt to kidnap Shirahoshi, Mjosgard grants Sai and Leo permission to attack Charlos but forbids Fukaboshi from attacking him. When Fukaboshi demands an explanation, Mjosgard explains that, as pirates, Sai and Leo don't have to worry too much about the political fallout from attacking a Celestial Dragon; however, Fukaboshi, as a member of the Royal Family that rules Fishman Island, cannot afford to take a risk that could lead to the World Government painting a target on him and his country. Bait-and-Switch : What seems like a threat from an angry Kuzan to Blackbeard for his part in the chain of actions that led to Kuzan fighting Akainu and losing is immediately followed by everyone partying together while discussing said battle at Punk Hazard. Begin with a Finisher : Kid starts his battle against Shanks' allies by readying Damned Punk right out of the gate; Shanks gets a precognitive vision of all the ships being totally obliterated, and that's enough to make him step in personally and counter the attack with Divine Departure, an equally decisive move that immediately cuts down Kid. The Big Bad Shuffle : Unusual for the series, the title of Arc Villain shifts from antagonist to antagonist throughout the course of the arc: Initially Lilith, the Satellite representing Vegapunk's innate evilness, seems to be the chief antagonist due to her attempting to mug the Straw Hats and later using them as guinea pigs to test out S-Shark's combat potential. However, she quickly becomes A Lighter Shade of Black once CP0 , led by Rob Lucci, arrives on the island to assassinate Vegapunk and the Satellite, though upon pursuing The Straw Hats, Bonney and Vegapunk to Labophase, Lucci and Kaku are double-crossed and captured by Stussy, who is revealed to be The Mole for Vegapunk. To add insult to injury, the two are forced into an Enemy Mine due to the Seraphim going haywire and attacking everyone in the building indiscriminately. It is soon revealed that this was caused by York, Vegapunk's greed, in a bid to betray her fellow Vegapunks and become a Celestial Dragon. However, she gets defeated offscreen not long after the reveal, just in time for Kizaru and Saturn, Egghead's definitive Arc Villain , to arrive with a Buster Call in tow. Big Damn Reunion : After searching for him for so long, Bonney finally reunites with her father Kuma, during the Egghead arc and she manages to exchange a few heartwarming words with him, right before Kuma succumbs to a Heroic RRoD . Big Entrance : After hiding himself on Admiral Kizaru's ship since Chapter 1073, St. Jaygarcia Saturn officially makes his presence on Egghead known in Chapter 1094. He makes a big show of it, emerging from a summoning circle in the form of a Giant Spider . Bittersweet Ending : The Straw Hat Pirates manage to escape from the Five Elders alongside the Giant Pirates, Bonney reunites with her father Kuma, and they even win a decisive victory against Saturn who is executed by Imu, but the other four were only "defeated" in a technical sense, with Mars being thrown out of the fight and Emmet banishing the others back to Marijoa through Joy Boy's Haki. Otherwise, Vegapunk Stella is officially dead, only Lilith and York survived (though it turns out the other four satellites are still alive and Sharing a Body ), with the traitorous York getting off relatively scot-free and set to produce more Mother Flame for the World Government to use for their purposes (although she does lose Punk Records to the amalgamated satellite), while Big News Morgans decided to deliberately frame Luffy as Vegapunk's killer just for ratings while the rest of the world is still reeling from the shocking revelations of Vegapunk's post-mortem message, with Dragon fearing that soon the world will begin to fight over safe land. Bookends : The Straw Hats began their campaign against Kaido on Punk Hazard, an island and research facility that was closely associated with Vegapunk in the past. After finally taking down Kaido, the location they arrive at next is Egghead, another island and research facility associated with Vegapunk. Setting foot onto Egghead, Luffy, Chopper, and Bonney jump to a large plate full of food, only to find out it's all holographic. At the end of the arc, they jump at the Elbaph giants' large plate of food and have their fill. Near the beginning of thier journey into the Grand Line, the Straw Hats first encountered Dorry and Broggy on an island still stuck in prehistoric times. Near what appears to be the end of their journey, they reunite with the giants on a futuristic island. At the start of the arc, the first Vegapunk introduced to the Straw Hats is Lilith. At the end of the arc, Lilith leaves with the Straw Hats. In chapter 1090, before the Buster Call fully commences on Egghead, Saturn callously outlines to Vice-Admiral Doberman the Marines' three priorities to protect and retrieve during the bombardment, stating that everything else is disposable , including Rob Lucci's CP0 detachment, to the Vice-Amidral's concerns, though Saturn bluntly shuts down his protests . When Saturn himself takes to the fighting, one of his more immediate actions before engaging Luffy is to blow up the head of a marine who disobeyed orders not to look upon him. In the aftermath, Doberman cannot bring himself to remain quiet when Saturn thoughtlessly admits to the assembled Vice-Admirals that letting Vegapunk's international broadcast announce to the world the upcoming flooding of the oceans was their "biggest blunder", questioning the Elder if his words mean Vegapunk's claims were true in that case. Saturn attempts to give him the same head-exploding treatment he did to the marine in response, which turns out to be the last thing he ever does . The anime's third Egghead opening, "Carmine", begins with a shot of Vegapunk's broadcast automatically beginning to play on a video screen inside one of the lab's empty rooms, and ends on that same screen winking out as the surrounding building collapses around it. Breather Episode : Subverted . The arc starts with far lower stakes than Wano and spends a good amount of time on comedy, exposition, and having the crew bounce off each other—leading the reader to expect a more laidback arc similar to Zou. Then, the arc starts to get darker once Imu completely destroys the Lulusia Kingdom and kills all of the civilians on the island including the royal family, with the destruction causing massive quakes all over the world and rising the sea level by one meter. Things start to ramp up with the arrival of CP0 ... and it only escalates from there . Break the Cutie : Bonney is hit with this twice. First when she experiences her father Kuma's painful memories and later while in St. Saturn's clutches when her powers are temporarily weakened. The Brute : Seraphim as a whole are this for Rob Lucci and the CP0 being that although the CP0 are powerful, at this point, they were surpassed in power by the protagonists, so Seraphim are their best weapon to defeat Luffy's group and kill Vegapunk. The Bus Came Back : Fittingly for the first arc of the final saga, many characters make a return, namely Crocodile, Dracule Mihawk, Buggy, the Blackbeard Pirates, Hancock and the Kuja, Koby, Helmeppo, Rayleigh, Shakky, Pudding, Bonney, Tashigi, the Punk Hazard children, the former CP9 members, Stussy, Kuma, the Revolutionaries, Sentomaru, Kizaru, Garp, Wapol, Vivi, Dorry, Broggy, Oimo and Kashii. Even Golden Lion Shiki , who made his first and last manga appearance in Chapter 0 , returns in Chapter 1096 (which is part of a Whole Episode Flashback sub-arc focusing on Bartholomew Kuma's past). Call-Back : The Straw Hats insulting Zoro after he tells them not to worry about the missing Vivi is a call-back to another gag from after the Alabasta arc, where they similarly insulted him for saying they should have taken her by force if they wanted her to come along so badly. Vegapunk used science to replicate the island and sea clouds from sky islands such as Skypiea. This brings back memories for the Straw Hats who were there, while Franky, who hadn't joined at that point, is delighted to discover those clouds. During their fight, Luffy and Lucci get into a Punch Parry almost identical to the one they had back in Enies Lobby, albeit with them in their transformed states this time. When Stussy betrays CP0 , the very first thing she does is bite Kaku in the neck whilst he is in his awakened giraffe hybrid form like a vampire. Back in Whole Cake Island, she drank juice that Smoothie extracted from a giraffe, specifically juice that Smoothie wrung out via twisting the giraffe's neck. Ratel brings to mind Nezumi from the Arlong arc; both are greedy, corrupt Marines who look like humanoid rats, are cruel to civilians, and attempt to steal treasure before getting the crap beaten out of them. When Sanji met Stussy, he remembers seeing her in his attempted wedding with Pudding during the Whole Cake Island Arc. When Lucci and Kaku propose a truce to fight the rogue Seraphim, Luffy and Zoro pull off the same disgusted face Oden and Whitebeard did in their flashback in the Wano arc. Kaku's Gag Nose gets him compared to Usopp, just like when he first appeared in the Water 7 arc. Dorry and Broggy destroying Kid's ship right after Shanks' stopped Kid from shooting their allies is not only a callback to them obliterating the Island Eater way back in Little Garden, but also one to the scene where Lucky Roux shot the mountain bandit who pointed his gun at Shanks' head, showcasing once again that if anyone threatens to shoot those closely associated with Shanks then they should be prepared to be shot back. Following the defeat of the Kid Pirates at Shanks' hands, the narration notes that the crew was completely eradicated in the exact same manner as when the Straw Hats were scattered by Kuma in the Sabaody arc. Back in Impel Down, Hancock misinterpreted Luffy's "Thank you" with an "I love you". Her seraphim clone, S-Snake, does the exact same thing here. Back in Sabaody, when the crew worried about Rayleigh fending for himself, Shakky reassured them by telling them that Rayleigh was "a hundred times stronger than all of you". Here, Luffy says that he and his crew are "a hundred times stronger than the last time we've met" as he's fighting Kizaru, the Arc Villain of Sabaody. In Who's-Who's battle with Jimbei, he is the one to explain the legend of Sun God Nika, including how slaves would pray to him in hopes he would come and free them from their bonds and bring smiles to their faces. Kuma's flashback reveals that Kuma and his father were two such slaves, with the latter telling his son tales of Nika to keep his spirits up before he was killed. These stories are implied to be what inspired Kuma to join the Revolutionary Army, as he admits to a young Bonney that he wanted to be a hero who freed slaves like Nika when he was growing up. After escaping from slavery, Kuma fled to the Sorbet Kingdom with Ginny and supported her and himself financially by chopping and selling wood, calling back to the sketch Oda did of a young Kuma carrying a bundle of wood in SBS Volume 63. In order to sneak out of the church she was raised in upon recovering from her illness, Bonney used her Age-Age Fruit powers to disguise herself as Conney, the Queen dowager of the Sorbet Kingdom. Bonney did the same thing to infiltrate the Reverie, where she discovered the current whereabouts of her father at the time. Call-Forward : In the flashback showing how Kuma and Ivankov met, as Ivankov sets off on his own adventure after escaping from God Valley, Kuma waves him off, saying he'll never forget Ivankov's face as long as he lives. Any reader who has read through the Marineford Arc would know it's technically true since Kuma forgets Ivankov's face after suffering Death of Personality due to becoming a Full-Conversion Cyborg . Years after the escape from God Valley, Kuma and Ginny worked at the same church where he was born, using his Paw-Paw powers to take various forms of aches and pains from the elderly every Sunday, then absorbing it all later that night. All that accumulated pain leaves him unconscious and bleeding for Ginny to treat, and Zoro would be dared by then-Warlord Kuma to go through this same process just once at the end of the Thriller Bark arc in order to save Luffy. Can't Kill You, Still Need You : Despite Imu's intense beef with the Nefeltari family, they want Vivi captured alive. The Five Elders order Vegapunk's execution but decide to spare York alone, as only she is willing and able to supply them with the Mother Flame. Cassandra Truth : Stella Vegapunk's message speaks of the sea continuing to rise due to the use of ancient weapons over the centuries, based on what he found out about Lulusia. However, while a handful remembered things that would clue in to some truth to his message, such as the bridge construction at Tequila Wolf, others refuse to believe it, unwilling to believe that an organisation that has existed to rule over the scattered world fairly and justly could have such a callous end-goal all along, not to mention, no idea what to even do should that prophesied future become a reality. The Cavalry : Not that the Straw Hats were yet in a completely hopeless situation (by their standards), but the Giant Warrior Pirates arrive to help them fight off the naval armada and guide them to Elbaph, as well as destroying the battleship that had been sent to eliminate the other Egghead scientists that had already escaped. Celestial Theme Naming : Dr. Vegapunk's satellites are named after asteroids while the original body is called Stella (or star). The Five Elders' names are derived from the planets in the Solar System, namely Mercury, Saturn, Jupiter, Venus and Mars. Chekhov's Gun : The massive stone bridges being constructed from Tequila Wolf and other islands turn out to be a massive, series-wide one. Their seemingly-meaningless purpose, save as another example of the World Nobles' unreasonableness towards their "lesser beings" turns out to be in preparation for the eventual predicted flooding of the world by about 200 meters , with the bridges apparently intended to connect Islands with valuable resources to the Red Line, which will become the largest remaining strip of land once the flood waters settle. As per Dragon and the Revolutionary army's tactics, Marijoa lacks the ability to grow and sustain its own resources, leaving the inhabitants vulnerable to starving if supply lines are cut off, but these bridges will connect them to places that can , becoming a more permanent supply chain in the process. Chekhov's Gunman : Although Prince Grus and Kujaku are formally introduced in this arc when Helmeppo requests their aid to save Koby, they actually appeared in the manga earlier during Capone Bege's cover story. They are the ones who temporarily arrested Lola in Dressrosa, having mistaken her for Chiffon, Lola's twin sister and Bege's wife. Luffy's group at the beginning of the arc encounters a gigantic robot that had once attacked Marijoa 200 years ago before deactivating and taken to Egghead. It remains unresponsive and there seems to be no way to wake it up. It soon reactivates by itself after sensing Luffy in his Gear Five form, likening it to Joy Boy's, helping the Straw Hats escape from the Navy. Child by Rape : It is never outright stated but very much heavily implied that Jewelry Bonney is one as her mother, Ginny, was kidnapped to become a Celestial Dragon's wife and after being thrown out for being infected, spent her last moments in life stating she has always loved Kuma. Child Soldiers : During the Marines' attempt to capture Boa Hancock, a new model of Pacifista is revealed called Seraphim, each bearing a strong resemblance to the original Seven Warlords of the Sea (Mihawk, Hancock, Doflamingo, Kuma, Moria, Crocodile, and Jimbei) in their youth. This works effectively against the Kujas and Nami, who were reluctant to fight something that looked like a child . City Wide Evacuation : Confronted with the possibility that an incident bigger than the destruction of Ohara is about to fall upon Egghead, Sentomaru orders the inhabitants to evacuate the island before the Marines arrive. When Saint Saturn hears the researchers are escaping on evacuation ships, he orders them all to be sunk immediately. Fortunately, the Marine ships are stopped by the Giant Warrior Pirates. Clap Your Hands If You Believe : Vegapunk theorizes and discusses that the true origins of the Devil Fruits are the desires people held for their own futures. Every single Devil Fruit shown thus far is said to have originated as someone's dream. He also believes that seastones, and the sea itself, can nullify Devil Fruit users because Nature itself in their current world "rejects" this notion. Clones Are People, Too : Vegapunk's stance on clones, as shown by the dialogue at the start of chapter 1072. Closed Circle : The Straw Hats, the Vegapunks, Bonney, and CP0 end up getting trapped with the Seraphim in the Labosphere together, due to the lasers mysteriously activating. This happens because York planned for the Seraphim to kill off everyone else there, leaving her as the sole survivor. Consolation Prize : Once Kizaru engages in battle with Luffy, Lucci drops his Revenge Before Reason façade and attacks Zoro after declaring he realises that he can't possibly defeat Luffy in his current state and that the head of a "Sea-Emperor's second-in-command" is a perfectly acceptable alternative . Contrived Coincidence : Sabo was thought to have been wiped out near Lulusia because he is one of the few outsiders who knows of Imu's existence. It turns out that he was smuggling himself on a ship there just as Imu gave the command to test the "Mother Flame" on the kingdom. Imu reasons for it "being in close proximity". The Elders hear that the people there are showing "sparks of rebellion" and want to make an example of it . Sabo being there turned out to be pure chance or, in their case, "fate" and, even then, he and a handful of rebels were out of range by the time Lulusia was annihilated. Thanks in part to the Drawing Straws from the previous arc, the Straw Hats end up showing up on Egghead at around the time the World Government was planning an attempt on Vegapunk's life. Slightly subverted in that Shaka believes their arrival was due to fate . Cranial Eruption : Following Garp's lecture about abandoning an old man in favor of saving the young, he is seen with a series of bumps on his head courtesy of one of his fellow instructors, who scolds him for giving such a lesson. Crippling Overspecialization : Lampshaded by Law when he and Blackbeard clash, with him saying that if all of Blackbeard's Ten Titanic Captains have Devil Fruit powers, that makes them all anchors . Blackbeard retorts that that's the trade-off with Devil Fruits, believing that the power is Worth It . Given that Law and his crew end up suffering a brutal defeat, it's hard to say Blackbeard is wrong. Cry into Chest : After Kuma saves his daughter from Saint Saturn and punches the Elder out, Bonney cries into Kuma's chest, happy that she finally gets to be with her father again. Curb-Stomp Battle : It is mentioned that the Kid Pirates were driven away by the Red Hair Pirates in their original offscreen fight without even encountering Shanks . Kid's rematch with Shanks' crew then lasts less than one chapter from beginning to end, with Shanks taking out the Kid Pirates with a single Divine Departure. And then, just to add insult to injury, Dorry and Broggy destroy Kid's ship. The above only happened because Shanks, with his advanced Observation Haki, saw that if Kid were allowed to use his Damned Punk attack, he would have instantly annihilated the Red Hair Pirates fleet and slaughtered everyone. It's noted that the Red Haired fleet is notoriously weak compared to the fleets of other Emperors because it's less of a fleet and more a number of wimpy pirate crews Shanks took pity on and granted his protection. We don't even see Kuma take on Bekori's fleet. We just see the flaming ruins of the ships as the narrator comments on what a Foregone Conclusion it was. Curb-Stomp Cushion : The Heart Pirates are annihilated in their battle with the Blackbeard Pirates (who are not even at full strength) on Winner Island, but they manage to get some good hits in before being defeated, and Bepo and Law can escape before Blackbeard can steal the Op-Op Fruit powers, snatching away total victory from him. Cut Apart : Despite Chapter 1060 making it look like Sabo had been caught in whatever it was that obliterated Lulusia Kingdom, it's revealed in Chapter 1083 that he and some of the citizens managed to survive because they weren't even on the island. Cute Giant : Atlas, one of Vegapunk's satellites, appears as a little girl who's as big as Kaido. Dark and Troubled Past : Bonney's origins are revealed here, as is her father Kuma's tragic and tormented past and why he became a cyborg, as well as what led to the Pacifista robots using his image. For Kuma, especially, it is one constant beat of Yank the Dog's Chain after another: Born with Buccaneer blood, he was enslaved with his parents, who later died under the same fate. He gains the Paw-Paw fruit and used it to save 500 captives and escape, and free his country years later, but was branded a "tyrant". He, Ginny, and Ivankov join Dragon's Revolutionary Army but they lose Ginny to the Celestial Dragons. By the time he reunites with Ginny, she dies from a rare disease. He adopts her daughter Bonney, but she contracted the same disease. Finally, to save her, he was directed to Dr. Vegapunk to help cure the girl, but Saturn orders him to become a cyborg and serve as a Warlord before undergoing the full conversion that would cost him his humanity. The only solace from all of this is that Bonney would live on. Dead Man's Switch : After the World Government goes to great lengths to murder Doctor Vegapunk because He Knows Too Much , it turns out that he set up one of these to release the information they wanted to keep hidden from the entire world in the event of his death. Deal with the Devil : York makes a deal with the Five Elders to mass produce the Mother Flame, in exchange for them to eliminate Stella and the other satellites while also making her a Celestial Dragon. Kuma's effective death from loss of personality is revealed to be part of a deal with the demon-like St. Jaygarcia Saturn, who required his absolute obedience during the creation of the Pacifistas in exchange for Dr. Vegapunk curing Bonney's "Sapphire Scales" disease. Death by Irony : Lampshaded; Saturn orders the Pacifista to murder Bonney, thinking it's entirely appropriate for her to get killed by the Clone Army modelled as the image of her father since Kuma gave up his life to save her. Fortunately, Vegapunk programmed the Pacifista to obey Bonney , allowing the girl to order them to stop. Death from Above : Imu annihilates Lulusia in an instant with a mysterious force that rains laser bolts down on it. Death Wail : A Death of Personality variant, but the end of Kuma's flashback shows Vegapunk breaking down in tears after completing his friend's modifications, turning him into a mindless cyborg. Decoy Hiding Place : The Transponder Snail that's broadcasting Vegapunk's Dead Man's Switch message is seemingly found by Mars where York thought it was...only for it to be a decoy. Mars then finds to his shock Vegapunk didn't just hide one decoy, but tons of them all over Egghead to make finding the real one nigh impossible. Deer in the Headlights : Bonney suffers this twice in the arc, mistaking a Pacifista for her father Kuma. She stops Luffy from attacking a police variant during their first hours on Egghead. When Bonney encounters a rogue Pacifista controlled by Bluegrass, she freezes on the spot from shock. Sanji manages to save her and calls her out on it. Description Cut : When Akainu is informed that the Straw Hats are on Egghead, he says to pass on to Rob Lucci that he is strictly forbidden from fighting with Luffy, now that he's an Emperor. It immediately cuts to Lucci fighting with Luffy, having intentionally ignored this order because It's Personal . Deuteragonist : Decidedly both Jewelry Bonney and Bartholomew Kuma, with their relationship serving as the driving force behind both character's stories as well as the emotional core of the arc. Developer's Foresight : In-Universe , Vegapunk was horrified by the possibility of Bonney being attacked or killed by robots built in her father's image, so he secretly placed her at the top of the Pacifistas' command chain so that they would obey her above all else if such a thing ever did happen. Didn't Think This Through : As Kaku notes, Lucci did not think about the consequences of going Leeroy Jenkins and fighting Luffy, who has just became a new member of the Four Emperors of the Sea, on Egghead; Not only did Luffy Took a Level in Badass to such a degree that Lucci Can't Catch Up , but the CP0 are lower than Sentomaru and Vegapunk on the Pacifistas and Seraphims 'Authority' hierarchy meaning that all of the human weapons will be pointed at the agents. Disconnected by Death : While on Lulusia, Sabo contacted the Revolutionaries to tell them he wasn't the one who assassinated Nefeltari Cobra and that he had seen Imu sitting on the supposed Empty Throne. Unfortunately, before he could mention the second part, said figure obliterated Lulusia with an unknown force. Subverted in that he survived, but was forced to cut the call short when the kingdom was destroyed. Disproportionate Retribution : When Luffy's group is confronted by a Pacifista cop for unintentionally stealing food and clothing, it assaults them with its mouth laser. Naturally, they feel that it's a bit extreme. Distressed Dude : Following the failed attack on Amazon Lily, Koby is kidnapped by Blackbeard. Does This Remind You of Anything? : Dr. Vegapunk's posthumous broadcast reveals that the sea levels have risen drastically and it's not from natural causes. Is he talking about artificial climate change (aka Global Warming) or the aftereffects of the use of Ancient Weapons? The Dog Was the Mastermind : The one who leaked Vegapunk's Void Century research to the Government, kidnapped the Cipher Pol agents sent to investigate, and turned the Seraphim against the others is revealed to be none other than York the Greedy, the Vegapunk satellite who eats to supply the other 'Punks with energy. Dramatic Irony : The Marines' concern and fear over Luffy and Buggy being recognized as Emperors is juxtaposed with both of them being in a comically pitiful state — Luffy imprisoned in a cage for endangering his crew and Buggy reduced to a beaten disembodied head at the mercy of Crocodile and Mihawk. During a flashback, Luffy was shown training for when he set out to sea while declaring he wouldn't lose a single member of his future crew. This was while he was secretly being watched by Kuma, the man who would ultimately separate his crew. The end of the arc reveals that Vegapunk, Shaka, and Pythagoras had already deduced York's treachery two weeks before the events of the arc, but too late to stop her communicating with the Five Elders or the inevitable uncovering of their discoveries researching the Void Century. Deciding to make sure the events of Ohara are not repeated they set up preparations with their secret broadcast and then wipe the knowledge of the last two weeks from their minds to prevent it being leaked through Punk Records. They lampshade that this will result in them re-experiencing every shocking twist and revelation that occurred over the arc like it was brand new for them, as shown in a humorous montage of Stella Vegapunk letting out multiple Big "WHAT?!" over all the arc's major plot points that the reader's already seen. Dress-O-Matic : Among the many inventions made by Vegapunk found in Egghead are dressing room-like machines that allow those who use them to change their outfits instantaneously into ones that are more indicative of the futuristic Egghead. Driving Question : Was the late Queen Lily's scattering of the poneglyphs throughout the world indeed an 800-year old blunder, or something she orchestrated from the start? Imu stated this as the reason Lily's name was stricken from history, but the fact that she was among those in the Nefeltari family who carried the Will of D has Imu understand how troubling it really is. They later order Vivi to be tracked down under this assumption. Dwindling Party : Just as the Straw Hats are about to leave Egghead with Vegapunk and his satellites, everyone in the Labophase facility is attacked by the Seraphim under orders by a mysterious assailant. Slowly, a number of the Vegapunks and some of the Straw Hats are taken out by the Seraphim as well as an unknown culprit, and Shaka and Pythagoras end up dying during the conflict. Once St. Saturn and the Marines arrive, Vegapunk ultimately dies by their hand, and Edison and Atlas end up sacrificing their lives to help the Straw Hats escape. The only surviving Vegapunks in the end are Lilith (who is with the Straw Hats) and York (who sides with the World Government and believes herself to be the Sole Survivor due to Atlas disconnecting Lilith from the Vegapunk Hive Mind moments before her Heroic Sacrifice ). Enemy Mine : Lucci and Kaku propose one to the group that is holding them as hostages, seeing how the Seraphim are being ordered to attack both of them alongside the Straw Hats and Vegapunks. Luffy and Zoro are very reluctant to agree, since it's obvious they'll attack them the moment the truce is over, but are eventually convinced when they promise not to attack the weaker crew members. Entertainingly Wrong : Marco was worried about leaving Sphinx Island unguarded because he was afraid Weevil and his mother would discover the hidden village and tear it apart looking for Whitebeard's treasure while he was away. As it turned out, they did end up on the island while he was away... and it's a good thing they did because corrupt Marines were going to start shooting the innocent villagers to get them to reveal the location of Whitebeard's treasure, and Weevil didn't take too kindly to them ransacking his self-proclaimed father's hometown. "Eureka!" Moment : Under the Five Elders' orders, York helps to locate the Transponder Snail broadcasting Vegapunk's message to the world, but each place is simply holding a decoy. Believing that he has been one step ahead of her, she realizes that he wouldn't simply hide it in any old place, but one no one would even think of looking: the reawakened Iron Giant Luffy and Chopper found. Even the Girls Want Her : As a Funny Background Event , a female journalist working for Morgans is so smitten by Vivi that she states she'll never wash the clothes she lent her again. A few chapters later, she's too busy swooning over Vivi to pay attention to Vegapunk's hugely important message. Evil Is Petty : The reason why the World Nobles chose the island God Valley for their hunting game was because they weren't fans of the name, to say the least. They consider themselves as descendants of gods, and decide to rope the residents in with their slaves and captives and hunt them all down for sport. Alpha had no reason to rip all of Kuma's letters to Bonney, as the former was perfectly cooperative and the latter none the wiser, but she did so anyway. It also bites her in the ass, as finding out that Kuma was one of the major reasons Bonney set sail. Exact Words : Caribou tries to protest when the Straw Hats arrive on Egghead, but Zoro reminds him they only agreed to take Caribou away from Wano, and nothing more. Explain, Explain... Oh, Crap! : In Chapter 1094, when the Pacifista all suddenly stop despite Atlas ordering them to give them protection, she is shocked because the Vegapunks have high authority over the Pacifista and no one can countermand it...except the Five Elders. Cue St. Jaygarcia Saturn making his arrival on the island. Eye Awaken : When Luffy activates Gear Five against Kizaru, we get a shot of Emet the Iron Giant awakening by having its eyes glow. Failed a Spot Check : Despite fighting King in Wano and noticing the similarities between him and the Seraphim, Zoro doesn't realize said Seraphim have Lunarian DNA until Shaka spells it out for him, to Luffy, Lucci and Kaku's annoyance. Five-Second Foreshadowing : In Chapter 1125, Figarland Garling walks into the Room of Authority, wearing a black suit and speaking in a informal tone to the Elders. They are somewhat confused and irritated by Garling's lack of deference, but it becomes clear in the next page why; he has been promoted to the new Warrior God of Science and Defense. Of course, this could only mean one thing for the current Warrior God of Science and Defense... Fling a Light into the Future : Cobra asks Sabo to give Luffy and Vivi a message about their shared "D." heritage and sacrifices himself to gain Sabo enough time to escape from Imu and the Five Elders. According to Imu, Queen Lily is the reason why the Poneglyphs were scattered around the world. This is revealed to be the reason why Kuma saved and separated the Straw Hats back in Sabaody. He was moved by Luffy's similarity to Nika and believes he will become the man who will save the world. Flooded Future World : Vegapunk's post-mortem message reveals that the islands of the world today are the remnants and mountaintops of giant continents that were flooded during the Void Century. Forced Sleep : Stussy can force whoever she drinks blood from to fall asleep. Foreshadowing : When Stussy reveals her true allegiance, she can't stop the Seraphim because Lucci already ordered them to attack and since he's on the same authority level as her, she can't override his orders. When the Seraphim later appear to go rogue and won't obey the satellites' orders, it turns out to be because York gave them orders that the other satellites, with the same authority, can't countermand. Bonney's true age is constantly teased through the arc up until The Reveal : She's reintroduced as a young teenager while she's unconscious and trapped in water, making it apparent from the get-go that her age isn't what it usually seems. Vegapunk, Saturn, and even Kizaru refer to Bonney as "just a little girl" or similar a few times throughout the chapters. While it's easy to dismiss as patronization, it's a bit odd that it keeps happening... In a more meta way, while Sanji usually goes hearts-in-eyes excited at any attractive woman, his attitude towards Bonney is more subdued and protective during the escape from Egghead, without any hint of his usual pervertedness (that he even shows towards Stussy and Lilith in this arc). It helps that Sanji overhears Vegapunk refusing to leave "a child" like her in danger as he and Atlas goes out to rescue her. Throughout the flashback for her and Kuma, subtitles count down to " X years ago ". Kuma was born " 47 years ago ". By the time Bonney turns seven, it would be '5 years ago '. Bonney dives into Kuma's memories to find out his origins of being a cyborg and how he lost his free will. His final words in the sequence were to "wish her a happy tenth birthday", which would be before the series' two year time-skip. At the beginning of the arc, Lilith states, annoyed, that a creature's natural instincts always come back (referring to how the Sea Beast Weapons keep sinking ships even when she orders them not to). Chapter 1103 shows that this extends to the mind-wiped Bartholomew Kuma, who despite being made into a Full-Conversion Cyborg , teleported halfway across the world to save his daughter. Dr. Vegapunk's message about how the world will eventually sink into the Blue Sea has been foreshadowed for a long time: As old members of the Roger Pirates, both Crocus and Rayleigh came to know the full truth of the world and would have been well aware of what lies ahead. One has made himself at home inside a giant whale, while the other went out on his way to learn to modify ships for underwater passage, necessary to survive in a rapidly flooding world. In chapter 161, Vivi talks about the geography of Alabasta, explaining that one of the reasons why Crocodile's plans with the drought crisis is working is that the Sandora river that used to nourish the land with fresh water is being pushed by the sea, resulting in salt water permeating the land instead, showing that the sea level is slowly rising. The increasing severity of Aqua Laguna at Water 7 has led Iceberg to think of a way to make the city float on the water, as eventually the whole island will be flooded and sunk beneath the waves. The World Nobles wear specialised suits, vaguely resembling space suits, when descending from the Holy Land, so as not to have to breathe "commoner air". The reveal about the world sinking and the hints that the leaders of the World Government have been aware of this for a long time now mean that these are really diving suits , to protect the chosen few should the land sink beneath them. Indeed, Saint Mjosgard survived his ship crashing underwater at Fishman Island because his suit was equally effective in the deep regions of the sea as up on land. The fact the Holy Land itself is built on the highest possible point in the world is not a symbolic demonstration of the supremacy of their "pure bloodlines", but a pre-emptive measure to the fact that all the lands the "worthless commoners" lived on would eventually vanish into the rising waters, leaving them the sole survivors. In retrospect, every island that the Straw Hats have visited with a prominent kingdom has always had the royal palace located at the highest possible point in the land * Drum Kingdom's palace is located atop an impractically-tall and sheer cylindrical mountain that requires a ski lift to be reached by the average person, leaving it far removed from the commoner villages dotting the land, Alabasta's royal palace is located far back from the sea, with elevated steep walls around it, as showcased by Karoo's scaling them to escape Bon Clay, and Dressrosa's royal palace was located atop a high ridge. Even when Pika relocated it, it was to a higher location atop the flower plateau, apparently due to ex-World Noble Donflamingo's desire to always look down on everybody. and had been that way for centuries. With the reveal that the waters are steadily rising, it means that the royalty would be in the best possible location to avoid the flood until the last moment, supporting Vegapunk's claims that the flooding of the original world now resting at the bottom of the oceans was man-made and planned. When the Straw Hats were separated at Sabaody, Robin was sent to Tequila Wolf, an island that, along with several others, has been using slave labor to build giant bridges connecting islands together for hundreds of years by order of the Celestial Dragons. When asking why they want such a thing, she is brushed off with the assumption that it's just another one of their selfish unreasonable whims. With the revelation of Vegapunk's message, it becomes clear that this was also a pre-emptive move in preparation for the world's eventual flooding, like their living on the Red Line. Moreover, in a meta-example, each Island the Straw Hates were separated to ultimately had something on it that related to their profession amongst the crew (Weather control for navigator Nami, advanced technology for shipwright Franky, Sword-training for swordsman Zoro). Whilst it did feature government oppression and Robin ultimately made allies with the Revolutionary Army to become stronger with them, Robin's designation alone seemed to be the odd one out, until Vegapunk's message clarified that the island and it's structures were rooted in the very Void History that Robin sought to uncover. Chapter 1125 also reveals that there are even more giant bridges like Tequila Wolf in the world. Discrimination, slavery and prejudice against Fishmen have been prevalent themes for a long time, but no reason has ever been outlined as to how or why it started, especially since, as Fishmen supremacists are keen to point out, the Fishmen's bodies actually give them several natural advantages against humans in a world primarily based around aquatic travel. With the reveal that the world will eventually be entirely submerged by the oceans, it becomes the World Goverment's way of preemptively suppressing and subduing a race that will have a natural advantage against humanity once the flooding begins in earnest. In Jimbei's cover story, he encounters Wadatsumi dredging up a sunken city from the seafloor, said city was not only different in style and size compared to the town they were thrown to, it was old enough to house a poneglyph. In retrospect, it becomes clear that this ancient city was a victim of the global flooding. During the Reverie Arc, on their way to Imu's chamber, the Five Elders discuss current affairs, with Saint Nusjuro bringing up the probability that they'll need to carry out a global cleansing if things get too far out of their control. In Chapter 1089, six days after the World Government wiped out Lulusia Kingdom, earthquakes caused the sea level to rise about one meter. When Luffy and Chopper meet the original Vegapunk for the first time, they see him halfway inside Emet the Iron Giant before he gets out. By chapter 1116, York realizes that the knowledge Vegapunk had during his posthumous broadcast was from everything that happened right before he met the Straw Hat Pirates, allowing her to assume that he hid the Transponder Snail showing the broadcast inside of the Iron Giant, revealing that he was actually setting it up before meeting Luffy and Chopper. By Chapter 1123, it's revealed that Vegapunk, Shaka, and Pythagoras already realized that there was a traitor in the group two weeks prior and learned it was York a week later. The very next day when Lulusia is destroyed, Vegapunk comes to the realization that he will die no matter what and records his message to the world two days prior to the Egghead Incident and decides to erase all of his, Shaka's and Pythagoras' memories from the last two weeks in order to make sure York wouldn't find out. Elbaph has been teased throughout the series but has gained bigger traction in this arc; both discussed in a flashback when Shaka reveals that the remnants of Ohara's library are stored, and when Shank's crew leaves in the present to intercept Kid. Later, Vegapunk tells Nami that her Log Pose is pointing to that direction, much to Luffy and Usopp's excitement. Near the end they gain backup in the form of Brogy and Dorry's forces. Following their chaotic escape, the Straw Hats finally head to Elbaph. Bonney "using" Gear 5. She's been able to use her Age-Age powers to change her age but a flashback shows that she can warp individual parts in a manner similar to Luffy's Gum-Gum powers. Saturn reveals that her Devil Fruit allows her to assume potential futures for herself, and Bonney has been imagining scenarios of what Nika can do, based on her father's tales. When said belief waned before Kuma saved her, her strength followed because her futures "narrowed". After learning exactly what Nika is like by seeing Luffy in Gear 5, Bonney is able to use Distorted Future to imitate his latest form and employ his full suite of powers. Forever War : According to Vegapunk's message, the presence of the Ancient Weapons in the world means that the war that lead to the fall of the Great Kingdom and the birth of the World Government never ended and is still going on. From Bad to Worse : First, CP0 arrives to assassinate Vegapunk and his satellites. Following CP0 , a naval fleet commanded by Admiral Kizaru is dispatched to make sure that Vegapunk doesn't escape with Luffy. Accompanying Kizaru is one of the Five Elders — specifically, the Godhead of Science and Defense, Saint Jaygarcia Saturn. If that wasn't bad enough, York turns traitor and traps the Straw Hats, the Vegapunks, and CP0 in the Labosphere after ordering the Seraphim to kill all of them. To top this all off, a Blackbeard Pirate ship occupied by Van Augur and Catarina Devon has been spotted within the island's shoreline, with Caribou offering to tell them about Poseidon and Pluton. Even worse, the end of Chapter 1109 has the other four Elders arrive on Egghead.

